You think
you're on a globe spinning
at a thousand miles
an hour.
That globe is spinning
around the Sun
at 60,000-plus miles an hour.
That solar system is flying
sideways through the galaxy
at half a million miles
an hour,
and that galaxy
is going through
the rest of the universe
at millions of miles an hour.
And you feel nothing.
In reality,
you are actually
in a giant planetarium,
slash terrarium,
slash soundstage,
slash Hollywood backlot
that is so big
that you
and everyone you know
and everyone
you've ever known
never figured it out.
I have a beautiful view
of the S4B
and the Earth here
all at once.
I'll try and get
a picture for you.
Our planet is beautiful.
It's not really a planet.
It's a great big plane.
A strange message of words
"Google Flat Earth"
were carved into
Mt. Rubidoux.
How would you feel if I say
there's absolutely zero
real pictures from space?
Flat Earth theory is actually
getting popular.
My children
will have to pay
for the lies
that NASA gives.
A lie is a lie,
even if everybody believes it.
The south pole, it's like
a 200-foot wall of ice,
straight up,
Game of Thrones style.
And the sun and the moon
are just lights in the sky.
I love movies, always have,
and so I try to compare it to
The Truman Show.
If you built a stage that was
a thousand miles wide,
how many people could you fool
besides just Truman?
Of course you're gonna have
questions. Everybody does.
Because, it's like, "Okay,
how does everything work?"
Here's a perfect example,
if you wanna see it real quick.
So like, those buildings
in the distance?
Right out there?
That's Seattle.
You shouldn't be able
to see it.
There should be
hundreds of feet
of curvature
between us and them.
You should barely be able
to see those buildings.
Science is having a problem
combatting what we're doing.
Neil deGrasse Tyson--
I hate saying his name.
We call him
"He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named."
--says that it's a growing
anti-intellectual movement
which borders on
the end of civilization
and democracy as we know it.
The reason why
we're winning versus science,
against science, is science
just throws math at us,
whereas we go "Hey, by the way,
there's Seattle.
You can see it right now
with your camera."
That's it. A picture says
a thousand words.
And at a high-level
NASA party out in the Hamptons,
they told him the GPS system
doesn't work out
in Antarctica
because the world is flat.
I became a flat-Earther 'cause
I tried to debunk flat Earth.
Everybody that becomes
a flat-Earther
does the same thing.
I was well-versed
in just about

every conspiracy
you can think of.

I had heard about
every conspiracy.

Flat Earth was
the last book on the shelf.

It was the DVD that somebody
gave you for Christmas

that you knew
you weren't gonna open

'cause the title was horrible.

It's like
How To Make A Poop Sandwich.

Or Poop Sandwich
Volume Three.

But when you get bored enough
with normal conspiracies,

you're looking for
something new.

There was
a certain novelty to it.
There was a video,
a guy talking about

flight paths in
the southern hemisphere,

how they didn't make sense.

Then I stumbled across
a video by Matt Boylan,

and he was a contract artist
for NASA.

I guess this is a photo
of the Hubble Telescope

taking a picture of itself.

Unbelievable. Unbelievable.
When it came to this,
I looked at it

for literally nine months
before I turned around.

The Jerry Maguire moment that
I had, I remember the date,

I remember the time,
it was February 10th, 2015.

Three o'clock in the morning.
Three-thirty, to be exact.

And I woke up and I said:

"This is now gonna flip."

Once I had my arguments down,
I made the series of videos.

I tried to be
as rational as possible,

I did a lot of editing,

and I made connections to dots
that no one had done before.
This is a Reader's Digest
version

containing many of
the interesting parts

of the flat Earth theory.

The first question
is invariably:

"Is this a joke?
Because it's a joke, right?"

And that's where we start.

Because it's one of our
two basic childhood facts:

one plus one equals two,

and the Earth is a globe.
When I put the "Clues" out,

I partially thought

that this thing
was gonna crash and burn,

because I thought some guy
with a master's

in astrophysics or astronomy
was gonna call me up and say:

"You forgot to do this math,
you forgot to carry the two,

and that's it. You screwed up,
you can shut down your channel,

and everyone can go home."
The first part of the clue
is the utter lack

of nonstop flights
from anywhere

in the southern hemisphere,

or in the flat Earth model,

the land masses closest
to the outer ring.

So I spend day after day
looking at

the Plane Finder global map.

I need to watch a few
as they cross

either the South Pacific
or Indian Oceans.

For the first 30, 45 days,
I was just holding my breath.
I wait for an ocean plane.

And I wait. And I wait.
And I wait some more.

Hours pass, days pass, and
no red planes to entertain me.

And before I even got
the first five "Clues" out,

people started
responding to me.
Someone said, "I wanna
talk to you about this."

In fact,
it was a debunker site.

A small-time debunker.

We went into it, and then
he started reviewing the clues,

and next thing you know,
he was on my side.

And then another podcast
picked up on him,

then it started
leapfrogging.
Now I go into chat rooms,
and people freeze.

"Mark Sargent's here?"

Come on, just-just be normal,
be cool.

I didn't want to wake up
and do this.

It was something
that just seemed to happen.

I didn't choose flat Earth.
Flat Earth chose me.
So I spend day after day
looking at

the Plane Finder global map.

I need to watch a few
as they cross either

the South Pacific
or Indian Oceans.

I wait for an ocean plane.

I first heard of people thinking
that the Earth was flat,

you know, in elementary school,
but in the context of history.

I think it was
in the last couple years

that I heard that people
are still believing this,

and making
a lot of videos on it.

So I started watching them
because I was curious.

And...

it's, uh, it's something.
We go into
a little sports bar,

a bartender runs over,
and she goes:

"You guys talking about
flat Earth?"

I go, "Yeah, why?"
She goes, "High five!"

You go into the office,
is someone a flat-Earther?

You go to a restaurant,
is the person

making your food
a flat-Earther? I don't know.

The very next day,
I'm flying out,

and I'm wearing an
"I am Mark Sargent" shirt,

and do you know where they go
through the bag screens?

This tall, black kid, he
motions me like in Fight Club,

"You Mark Sargent for real?"
I go, "Yeah, why?"

And he goes, and I'm not
kidding you, he winks at me,

and goes,
"That's my name, too."

And he hands me the bag
without even checking it.

They're everywhere.
I got some good books
right here.

Firmament:
Vaulted Dome of the Earth.

George Orwell, 1984.
Must read.

This is Edward Hendrie's
masterpiece,

The Greatest Lie on Earth.

I'll just read you
a little bit from

the table of contents
real quick.

The first chapter is

"Samuel Rowbotham
Proved the Earth is Flat"

The idea people have about
flat-Earthers is totally wrong.

They think
they're total idiots,

and they live in
their mom's basement,

and they believe everything
anyone tells them.

It's quite the opposite.
We test everything.

We're all either
super successful

or doing our own thing,

and I've met hundreds
of flat-Earthers,

and none of them are living in
their mom's basement, so...
There are millions of
flat-Earthers.

It's a fantastic community.

Look what flat Earth
has inspired.

So I was the first one to do
a flat Earth license plate.

Then just a slew of them.

Everybody started
coming in with them,

started changing up the words:

"It's flat" to "Flat Earth,"
"NASA Lies,"

all that fun stuff.

There's Arizona,

Arkansas, California--

Trying to figure
that one out, aren't you?

I'll give you
10 seconds, ready?
When I was first doing
the flat Earth stuff,

Patricia comes on a podcast.

She wasn't making
flat Earth videos,

she wanted to interview
flat-Earthers.

She was like
the flat Earth reporter.
Of course,
the big news for today

is the Flat Earth
International Conference.

The community has grown
to such a size

that not only
are we having meet-ups

on pretty much every given
weekend in any major city,

but now we're doing
an international conference,

which is in Raleigh,
North Carolina in the fall.

So I'm gonna be doing the
keynote speech on the first day.

90 percent of the flat Earth
community are in the closet.

We're almost
to that tipping point,

because now there's
celebrity references,

and there's mainstream
media references.
Science should have
wiped us out

literally in the first month,

and it's
the exact opposite.

We're not just winning.

We're crushing them because they
don't know how to address it.

Because they're not convinced
they can knock it out,

they don't wanna get
into the ring.

We've got questions out there
which they can't answer.

How much time
do you have to spend

on every theory
that is out there?

Right, and many times,

the things that we are debating
are not even theories.

Either because
they're not falsifiable,

or sometimes they've
already been falsified.

Absolutely ludicrous
what they're teaching.

You can't feel
any of the movement,

and they think we go faster
than a bullet on space.

I'd say take physics.
It's just fundamental.

If you're
driving in a car,

I throw a ball up,
where's it gonna come down?

It's gonna
come down in my hand.

It's not gonna fly through
the back windshield.

So are there any scientists
that are in flat Earth?

No. And they can't be.

Once you get to a certain
level of education,

the education system
more or less owns you.

You're not allowed
to do certain things.

I mean,
think of a teacher.

Teachers have to get
master's degrees.
Yeah.

Think of a normal educator,

if they came out
and said that.

No matter where they were--

Have you had
any educators come out?

No.
Flat Earth has camps.

It is not unified
by any degree.

70 percent of them
believe that

this is covered
by some sort of dome.

The other 30 percent
believe that

it's not covered,

and there's just more
versions of this outside.

I use Life of Brian
as the, um...

one of the metaphors for
how flat Earth fragmented

when it first came out.

When he was running away from
them, and he drops his shoe.

He has given us a sign!

He has given us a shoe!

Instantly, within, I think,
less than 90 seconds,

a series of religions formed
around the dropping of the shoe.

Let us, like him,
hold up one shoe,

and let the other
be upon our--

No, no, no, the shoe is a sign
that we must gather shoes

Cast off the shoes,
follow the gourd!
No!

There's a dome.
There's no dome.

Infinite plane,
it doesn't seem natural

I guess it's a dome.

Hold up the sandal.

It is a shoe!
It is a shoe!

It's a sandal!

The enclosed system,

you're in a confinement model
like the globe was.

Take the shoes
and follow him.
There's competition everywhere.

Because of that competition,

you mix that with
a little bit of conspiracy,

little bit of paranoia, people
go off the freaking deep end.

Matt is one of the--
If not the-- oldest veterans

of the flat Earth community,

and so when he throws a temper
tantrum, everybody hears it.

This is what they're doing,
there's a mutiny going on.

The fact that you're here is,
like, raising a red flag.
When the flat Earth thing
started taking off,

after the "Clues"
were put out,

people were calling me,
asking to interview him,

because I'm one
of the only people

that knew Matt's phone number.

He's doing
the aloof artist thing,

like, "Oh, no,
I don't give interviews."

What was their
follow-up question?

"How about you? Do you
wanna talk about flat Earth?"

I go, "Pbbt. Sure.
Why not? Here's my spiel."

Matt lost it.
He went atomic.

Did a series of videos
and called in

to another podcast
streaming live.

Called everybody out.

Is convinced that
I work for the government.

That you,
sitting here now,

apparently, this is
a government safe house,

and I'm on the payroll.

Matt wanted to be
the king of flat Earth.

But he wanted to
do it on his terms.

I started this.

I am the tension
that caused the flat Earth.

That's how
the flat Earth started!

Which is not what happened,

the community just kept growing
bigger and bigger,

and he just-- his voice just
became lost in the wind.

To where, all of a sudden,

the conference was announced
down in North Carolina,

and he was invited,
and he said:

"No, I'm not gonna do
the conference.

Why should I be
in a room with you guys?

You're nothing without me."

That whole song and dance,
and that was just annoying.

So now it's getting
more serious.
So when it comes to science,
think of it this way.

If you have 450 years of them
showing you it's a globe,

how much is that worth
to them to keep it?

It's worth everything.

But then, Mark,
you have to go:

"Who was behind
the whole thing?"

I mean, that's the--
I know, I know.

I wish I was in a conspiracy.

That seems so exciting.

I wish that I was getting
paid off. I really do.
It's weird how,
like, all of a sudden,

this movement of people
believing in the flat Earth...

if you look on Google Trends,
it's like, spike.

We actually broke
a million videos,

physically a million videos.
Wow.

Which is a lot.
You're never gonna

get through them
in your lifetime.

If you type "flat Earth"
into YouTube

in the beginning of 2015,
you had 50,000 hits,

roughly, right? Search results.

If you type it in this morning,
I think it was at

19.3 or 19.4, I hadn't checked
since I got here.

Nineteen-point-four million.

It feels like it's part
of something bigger.

Well...

here it is, my, uh,
four years of my life.

I call it my "Flat Earth Rider."
It's all electric.

I love to work with wood,

so I decided to cover it
in exotic hardwood.

I'll get behind here,
you can kinda--

you can see me
on the camera.
We have been able to prove
other aspects of it,

and so it's not unreasonable,
then, for us

to continue claiming
that the Earth is flat.
There's the curvature
of the Earth.

I'm being brainwashed.
I keep hitting this

for splashdown sequence,
nothing happens.
What you're looking at
is part of

the greatest science fiction
story ever told.

What if mainstream science
figured out

that the world was not
a globe anymore?

So you create
a rocket program.

To take the pictures,
to even fake pictures,

they had to discontinue it
before the internet was created

way before HD technology
was created.

You make it seem like
it's just not that big a deal.
We, as flat-Earthers, feel that
we have several smoking guns...

Several.
There's no curve,

We don't wanna present yet.

We wanna have
the whole package.

Between the laser
and the fiber optic gyro,

this technology
is gonna kill the ball.

They would like us to believe
that the ball Earth

has been proven
for a long, long time.

But this debate
has raged on for centuries.
There's this big war
right now.

Does the eclipse
disprove flat Earth?

That's the big, hot debate.
If you were here, right now,
where we are on Whidbey Island,

you would still have
93 percent of the eclipse.

To get that extra 7 percent,
we gotta drive three hours

and face a mob
of Woodstock proportions.

Is that worth it?
No, not in my opinion.
Two years after I make
Flat Earth Clues,

here we are,
on one of the biggest freeways

in the United States,

on the biggest eclipse
in a hundred years,

and we're flashing
flat Earth messages.

And I had
nothing to do with it!

This was done by a completely
different flat Earth chapter.

The fact that I'm saying,
"flat Earth chapter"

like it's a thing
is amazing.
Stay flat, something like that.
Defacing a harmless globe?

I was proud to do it.
I'm excited to be a part of it.
This is a flat Earth meetup.

And they flew me down
for this.

Because I'm infamous.

Because, no--
Because I'm real.

That's what everyone's saying:

They want to shake my hand,

and make sure that they,
you know, touch me.

That sort of thing.
It's like, "Oh, yeah,

he's a real guy, he's not
just a voice on a video."
In the Truman Show, a big
reason why the lead character

left when he discovered
his entire world was fake

was he had nothing to lose.

Jim Carrey was inevitably
going to leave that place

because there was nothing
for him inside.

Compare that
with anyone else.

We'll go to the other end,
which would be

the mayor of that town. Let's
say the mayor of that town

got in a sailboat
and got out to the edge.

The guy has got limos,
the guy has got mistresses,

he's got money,
he's got a pretty cushy life.

Does he open the door

and face
the devil you don't know

versus the devil you know?
No.
This is what you've been
waiting for.

You're not alone.

You're not this little
speck of dust

flying through space
at incredible velocities.

You are the center
of the universe,

as a matter of fact.
You are the star of the show.
Flat Earth clues part 1 the empty
theater this is part of a series of
clues that can help you get your head
around both the design of the Flat Earth
system we live in and who has been
involved in the deception to hide it
from you the clue you have to look at is
built upon another conspiracy that has
been around for decades namely the space
program most of those watching this are
aware of the varying theories revolving
around NASA the Apollo program the Space
Shuttle the International Space Station
and so on the clue itself isn't based on
one of these highly debated topics but
the lack of one more specifically motion
pictures based on actual events this
like others in the series is something
you can check out for yourself
everything you need to reference this is
online to begin think of all the movies
involving space travel that you've seen
in your lifetime you'll start with the
obvious Star Wars Star Trek alien just
to name a few in fact if you go through
your own personal list you could
probably come up with over 100 different
offworld movies without breaking much of
a sweat that part is easy for the second
group try to come up with space movies
that aren't fantasy based you'll get a
list that has red planet gravity mission
to Mars 2001 things like that these
films will usually take on a not so
distant future theme and where we could
be down the road and it's still a pretty
good size list these first two groups of
films are encouraged by the authority
because they reinforce the globe bottle
through assumption the entertainment
system demands that the globe view and
solar system concept is a given
therefore the actual world view must
also be true or to put it another way if
you're using your suspension of
disbelief as you watch a movie like say
gravity then subconsciously you're
reinforcing the movie right on top of
the real world
the more of these movies you watch and
enjoy the more the lines blur between
what you want to believe and what you
actually know watch enough movies about
Mars and you will be less astonished
when NASA announces an actual mission to
Mars same with the moon other solar
systems and so on releasing the movie
2001 a Space Odyssey in 1968 right
before the actual moon missions was no
accident
it took the greatest director of all
time five years to make and several
people who saw the theater screenings
claimed that many military groups were
listed in the credits only to be removed
years later but 2001 is just a side note
of this clue for those who really want
to dig into Stanley Kubrick's hidden
vision I highly recommend the
documentary room 237 a link to it is
below as well now you are aware of the
first two groups of space films there
are those that contain generous amounts
of fantasy and those who try to paint
our near future these two groups are
easy to find the third group is a
challenge and again that's where things
get interesting the moon missions
concluded in 1972 and even though it's
still considered the greatest
achievement by mankind no fact-based
movies were made regarding it until the
right stuff was released in 1983 now you
might say that it only been 11 years and
maybe it was tough to get the rights and
so on but that's not what made the film
interesting the movie ran extremely long
for 1983 coming in at 3 hours and 12
minutes it was an exhaustive look at the
astronaut selection process the
competition and the training facility
itself but when the credits rolled three
hours later chronologically they had
only gotten to the low Earth orbit
missions just for fun Google the right
stuff movie and see how many space craft
you can find
it won four Academy Awards and did a
great job at the box office but the
Apollo missions were never touched the
only other major motion picture that
involved the actual moon program was
Apollo 13 in 1995 a full 12 years later
Apollo 13 only covered a single moon
orbit and no landing or close-up
reference to the previous missions below
them and after 1995 that was it nothing
Hollywood is known for leaving no stone
unturned with reboots and sequels to
nearly everything yet in almost 60 years
there has never been a single moon
mission movie based on actual events
hundreds of science fiction films
reference in it everything from Superman
to the Transformers but literally
nothing that covers the moon's surface
six complete moon missions involving
multiple vehicles moon buggies playing
golf and no one wants to touch it now to
be fair there was a TV mini-series in
1998 covering the subject it was
produced by Tom Hanks who got involved
after starring in Apollo 13 there has
been no professional production of any
kind since then again just for fun
Google from earth to the moon TV series
and see what you find the Y is easy and
the clue revealed if Hollywood makes a
movie about the moon landings and it's
indistinguishable from the real thing
then how do you know which is real it
raises some subtle questions involving
stage technique and how long they've
been in place if Hollywood could fake it
now then when did they first have the
ability there is one other movie which
stands out and I mention it because I
can't believe it ever got made is
Capricorn one the film's plot involved
the faking of a Mars mission and how
could be accomplished in short it's part
of the conspiracy world Bible
I highly recommend it and the link is
below to summarize all space movies are
encouraged by the authority except for
the ones that are based on actual
accounts those are not allowed the Mon
program has been buried in entertainment
because the moon cannot be reached it's
either outside the barrier or just a
highly rendered image like any planet
you see when entering a video game the
world is flat and this is just one clue


This is part of a series of clues that can help you get your head around both the design
of the flat earth system we live in, and who has been involved in the deception to hide
it from you.
This clue revolves around one of the most remarkable men you may have never heard of,
Richard E. Byrd and his relationship with Antarctica, and the secretive missions he
carried out there until his dying day.
Some of you have followed the legend of Richard Byrd through the hollow earth theory. We aren’t
going to be covering any hollow earth in this video, but instead focus on the man and his
involvement with the South pole.
The readers digest version of Richard Byrd is as follows: Born in 1888, he became an
American naval officer who specialized in feats of exploration. He was a pioneering
American aviator, medal of honor winner, polar explorer, aircraft navigator, expedition leader
in the worst environments in the world, and the youngest Admiral in the history of the
navy.
In addition, his list of awards takes up several pages in Wikipedia, including three ticker
tape parades in his honor. In short, he was Indiana Jones on steroids. Some people will
say that Roy Chapman Andrews was the real Indiana Jones, and you might be right, but
Richard Byrd beat Indy six days a week and twice on Sunday.
I mention all his accolades to paint a picture of credibility and trust. The governments
of the US and the world trusted his judgment and leadership, and they took advantage of
every chance they had to put him in charge of special missions.
The first large scale mission was an expedition to Antarctica in 1928. This was noteworthy
because even though he had just flown over the North pole in 1926, all expeditions from
1928 on were focused on the South. The expedition lasted two years, and during it, at the age
of 41, was promoted to Admiral.
His second Antarctic expedition ran from 1933 to 1935, and his third from 1939 to 1940.
While in Antarctica he also was an advisor for other countries who had their own expeditions,
including England, France, Germany, and building off previous countries expeditions from Belgium,
Japan and Sweden.
He then helped lead US Navy fleet operations in World War 2, was present during the Japanese
surrender in 1945, but then something strange happened.
He went back to Antarctica. Now some of you aren’t surprised, because he’d been there
since 1928, and I agree with you, it’s the how that’s interesting here.
His fourth trip to Antarctica wasn’t an expedition, it was a military operation called
operation “High jump”. Commanding an entire aircraft carrier group that included 13 support
ships, Admiral Byrd led 4700 men to the South Pole, for reasons that are still shrouded
to this day.
Some say they were chasing the remaining Nazi fleet, even though Germany had surrendered
a full year earlier. Others say that there was a Nazi base established in Antarctica
during the war, when Admiral Byrd was absent. None of these theories are important for this
video.
What we do know is that the US had sent an excessively large military force to the ice,
all under the guise of peaceful intentions.
During this operation, Admiral Byrd told a Chile newspaper this:
The most important result of his observations and discoveries is the potential effect that
they have in relation to the security of the United States. The fantastic speed with which
the world is shrinking – recalled the admiral – is one of the most important lessons learned
during his recent Antarctic exploration. I have to warn my compatriots that the time
has ended when we were able to take refuge in our isolation and rely on the certainty
that the distances, the oceans, and the poles were a guarantee of safety.
After the operation, Admiral Byrd toured the states, and gave interviews. The most interesting
of which as a national television show in 1954 called the Longines Chronoscope, a horrible
name, but a decent show. I’ve added a segment of it at the end of this video and linked
it in the description.
During this television interview, he first spoke of an area beyond the South pole as
large as the United States, which no one had set foot on yet. He then went on to say that
there would probably be expeditions year after year because the US government had really
become interested.
The interviewers then probed as to why the interest in the South, when any perceived
military threat from Russia (keep in mind this was 1954) would be from the North. He
went on to say that it was the most valuable and important place in the world for science.
It involved the future of the nation, an untouched reservoir of untapped resources, including
coal, oil, minerals, and uranium.
He added that at the time of this interview, there were seven nations currently engaged
in Antarctica including Russia, Australia, Argentina, Chile, and New Zealand.
During the interview the Admiral talked about planning the next military mission to Antarctica.
It was called Operation Deep Freeze, and ran from 1955 to 1956.
The mission was completed, and he supposedly returned home.
Now this is where you come in and say, so what, and normally I’d agree with you, except
for what happened next. Nothing happened next. The missions just suddenly stopped, and that
was it. No other expeditions, military or otherwise were conducted on the continent,
ever.
Then a treaty was put in place banning any country from doing basically anything. The
end.
And if you’re wondering what your missing, it’s this:
Admiral Byrd goes on television, says that this massive body of land, most of which sits
on a plateau 2 miles high, is rich with every resource you could ever want, ENERGY rich,
pristine, with no indigenous population or plant life, and every country that has sent
teams is ready to carve it up like a big turkey, not to mention there’s a expanse of land
larger than the United States they haven’t even LOOKED at yet, and out of the blue everyone
just calls the whole thing off? There are no environmentalists in 1959, this is the
land of Diner food and 20 cent gas!
I’m calling total BS on this one. The dollar value of the initial resource find would have
fueled armies of greedy companies. So what happened? They found the edge that’s what,
and the last thing they were going to do was let unsupervised companies near it, regardless
of the money. Even if hundreds of miles away, you couldn’t allow resource corporations
even into a safe area, and then years down the road as they expanded, tell them, oh,
sorry, you can’t go beyond this point. When the companies ask why, what would they tell
them?
And now the interior of Antarctica is off limits, with no revisions until the year 2041.
You can take tours of the outer islands, but there is a hidden line, enforced by the military,
that you will not be able to cross.
Because the interior is actually the exterior edge. It’s there, it’s hidden, and it’s
protected.
The earth you live on is flat.
Our very distinguished guest for this evening, is Admiral Richard E Byrd. The North Pole used to be a no mans land, but these are the days when, by buying a ticket on a commercial airliner, you can fly across the North Pole and drink a cocktail at the same time. In only three score or more years ago, about 35 years ago, our guest tonight, found out whether there was any land North of the North American continent. He made that first discovery flight, and I must say that Admiral Byrd, our guest tonight, is not only our greatest living explorer, but he's been an inspiration to countless Americans. Admiral Byrd, you've been to both the North pole and the South pole. Is there any unexplored land left on this earth that might appeal to adventurous young Americans? Yes, there is. Not up around the North pole because it's getting crowded up there now because they're finding out it's really useable, not only to live in, but militarily. But strangely enough, there's left in the world today, an area as big as the United States, that's never been seen by human beings, and that's beyond the pole on the other side of the South pole, from middle America. And I think it's quite astonishing, that there should be an area as big as that, unexplored, so there's a lot of adventure left down at the bottom of the world. Admiral, an expedition in which you are the advisor is now en route, what is that expedition doing? Well, that's the icebreaker adtka, and it's a reconnaissance expedition that's going down to the South pole area to make certain observations, and look for some bases. They will be back in April, and report back, and upon the information we get from that undertaking, we will base the bigger expedition that is to follow. Is that very definitely planned? That is being planned right now. So I'm willing to say to you that there will be a number of expeditions that will follow year after year at the bottom of the world, because the government has really become interested. Well Admiral Byrd I can understand how everyone is interested in the North pole, because it's so near our greatest challenger, Soviet Russia. But why this interest in the bottom of the world, nobody lives down there, right? No, it's pretty cold. There is only one permanent resident, and that's the emperor penguin, the little ones live further North. I'll tell you one reason they are interested, It's by far the most important and valuable place in the world for science. That's where the scientific groups from all over the world are interested. But more important than that, it has to do with the future of the nation, and those to come after us, even during your lifetime, because it happens to be an untouched reservoir of natural resources, and as the world shrinks with ever increasing acceleration, far flung places which we used to think were useless, like the North pole, and no mans land, become very useful. The bottom of the world, will be important, not only to us, but our allies. I was going to ask you, does it have military importance? It has some. Now as the world shrinks, it will continue to shrink with ever increasing acceleration, thus bringing these places closer, and in the future, and I can see a time when it will become very very important strategically. Has the development of air power increased the strategic importance of places like the South Pole? Very much so, very much so. Even now, if something happened, and we lost the Panama canal, we would have to control the islands just North of Antarctica, which are a part, of Antarctica. Admiral you speak of the resources of Antarctica, what are they, what are the natural resources there? Well, we've found enough coal within 180 miles of the South Pole, in a great ridge of mountains that’s not covered in snow, enough to supply to whole world for quite a while. That's the coal, now there is evidence of many other minerals, we're pretty sure there is oil, that coal shows the bottom of the world, now by far the coldest spot where that coal is, gets to 100 below zero in the winter. It was once tropical. So we think there is oil there, and there is evidence, probably uranium. Is it any secret, is there uranium there, that would be the only thing practical to actually go after I suppose. Everything else would be economically unfeasible wouldn't it? Well, as we recklessly expend our resources, the time will come, when we'll have to go after that stuff there. You know I avoided what you said about uranium, I'm not sure, I don't want to fight over the Antarctic. Is there a competition among other nations as to trying to get information about Antarctica and to possibly secure some of these resources? Well, yes. There are now several nations very much interested. Russia is interested tremendously that I am sure. Australia has an expedition down there, the Argentines, Chile, New Zealand, Britain, and so on. Now you can understand those people being interested because they live down there, the New Zealanders, the Argentines, the Chileans, and the Australians, and so, we don't do much about claiming anything. Admiral, you make it sound crowded. Are there that many expeditions down there or in route there? Well you know, as I said, it's the most peaceful place in the world, but I don't think it will be for long because of this intense interest on the part of other nations and this nation.
this clue looks into the USGS otherwise
known as the map makers of the world and
a few surprising things that they and
others have in common with the Flat
Earth idea all the reference links are
provided in the description below and I
encourage you to check them out for
those of you outside the United States
usgs stands for United States Geological
Survey a scientific branch of the US
government formed in 1879 and with the
help of the ever-expanding American
Empire they quickly became the premier
map makers of the known world currently
they have around 9,000 employees and an
annual budget of over a billion dollars
a year they also have extensive science
departments covering biology geography
geology hydrology and many programs tied
to them their motto since the 1990s has
been science for a changing world I'm
going to show you how true that really
is what does this large really boring
government group have to do with the
Flat Earth to understand that you have
to look into their origins which is in
geography to do this you'll need to open
another page that specializes in maps
the maps you see in this video are from
Wikipedia but there are others you can
reference as well the wiki list of map
projections isn't much to look at as a
whole although there are a number of
interesting takes in the world view not
only do they have just about every
perspective when it comes to the land we
live on but some detailed information on
where the map originated including name
type the origin or creator and the year
the map perspective was proposed now
some of these will be very familiar
especially the ones that you would see
on your classroom wall there are a
number of variations here but the one
that has been debated on recently would
be this one the galls Peters
which accurately shows the size
difference between the continents the
most obvious clue being that the white
continent of Greenland is actually tiny
compared to Africa but I digress if you
keep going down through all the
different shapes you'll get into
circular maps but only one of these is a
top-down perspective that shows the
continents in the center surrounded by
an unbroken Ring of ice in wiki it's
called the azimuthal equidistant and
just to make it easier I'm going to
abbreviate and call it a e for short why
is this map so interesting well if
you're looking at the wiki page you'll
spot a few reasons the first is that in
the notes section of the map and I quote
used by the USGS in the National atlas
of the United States it also mentions
that it is used as the emblem of the
United Nations of all the maps on this
screen it is the only one that
references a group of any kind and if
you keep this page open and navigate
over to the Flat Earth section of wiki
you'll notice towards the bottom of the
page a similar map I've referenced it
here and you can tell quite easily it's
identical but not referenced or link as
the AE model to make things even more
strange we go back to the USGS model and
you see that it was first proposed a
thousand years ago
and you may think well that's a bad link
so you compare it with the person who
proposed it and you get this guy al
biruni who was al biruni while he lived
around a thousand years ago it was
considered one of the greatest scholars
of his era schooled in multiple Sciences
have you ever heard of him I hadn't
maybe it's multiple bad references in
wiki well no because NASA knows who he
is and named this moon crater after him
so why is the usgs using a version of
the world map designed by a thousand
year old persian scientist because it's
correct
that's why so to be clear let's compare
them again the United Nations flag the
USGS official map of the earth and the
Flat Earth model all identical but one
isn't recognized and instead ridiculed
as an outdated look at the world and
this is one of those political quandary
x' that the authority gets stuck in the
short version is this the government is
on the same page as the Flat Earth but
they can't admit it even in confidence
we know the earth isn't flat they say
but it really is
we know you use the same map as we do
but ours is just an image and anyone who
says differently is obviously crazy it
makes you wonder how long the usgs has
been using that model as an official
reference the United Nations started
using it for their logos in 1945 and
then made some final adjustments in 1947
and the UN flag also raises a few
questions like why isn't Antarctica
represented on the map is it supposed to
be assumed in the outer circle or
perhaps the spiky olive branches on the
outside they don't mention it anywhere
online
and this is what I like to focus on the
gaps the holes in the plot the
unanswered questions
the USGS using the same map as the Flat
Earth but not saying why not recognizing
it or that you can't link the very same
image from the Flat Earth wiki back to
the actual AE definition of the
projection the authority figured out in
the 1950s all the borders of our
enclosed world and have done a great job
hiding it over the decades but the world
is a complex place and there are clues
out there just lying around.
this clue covers the near-perfect design
of the Flat Earth model it will break
down some of the logic behind the
decisions made it sounds like a big task
and it is but to start let's look at
something small like this little guy
take an ordinary Mouse and put it into a
glass cage it doesn't have to be a mouse
it could be a snake a lizard an insect
it makes little difference for this
exercise people identify with mice
because they're used to seeing them in
lab experiments mice also don't have any
sinister connotations they're seen as
relatively innocent in benign the
perfect test subject as it were I have
yet to meet anyone who has a bias
against the lab mouse so the mouse goes
into the box for the first time and the
reaction is always the same it explores
its surroundings and more importantly
tests the barrier around it probing for
exits or potential exits the mouse
inspects every inch of its new glass
home and at some point settles into the
acceptance that the walls are indeed
solid and then it may be there for a
while every so often it will repeat the
process again checking the boundaries of
the cage just in case something has
changed what it doesn't do is act like
it would in the wild because it realizes
that it's in a form of captivity
the glass box doesn't even remotely
resemble its natural environment you
could put this box in the middle of a
forest ooh the mouse may feel slightly
better about its situation but it still
knows that it's been trapped against its
will and will settle into a non-native
lifestyle you could take all the other
small animals that could be substituted
for a mouse the snake the lizard the
insect it makes no difference the result
will invariably be the same repeated
probing for escape routes
then acceptance take the same animal and
now put it into the
of a hundred mile square wildlife
preserve surrounded on all sides by a
similar type of glass enclosure the
creature doesn't even bother to rush the
size of the preserve and start testing
the boundaries mostly because it's out
of visual range it could be days or even
weeks before it even encounters a single
fence the animals routine is spent doing
what it normally would do it eats it
sleeps it breathes it does everything
that it would naturally do in the wild
if one day the animal approaches the
fence there might be some curiosity but
any anxiety is quickly resolved by just
turning around and heading back into the
vast expanse from which it came the
fence does not pose a potential problem
for the animals in the preserve because
it is so small compared to the expanse
they live it and dwelling on it doesn't
hold any interest we're assuming here
that the fence is high enough to
discourage flying creatures as well deep
enough to stop burrowing classes and if
you want reaches the floor of any nearby
bodies of water stopping any clever
aquatic types the point here is that all
creatures great and small inside a giant
wildlife preserve when encountering the
fence wouldn't care they would all in
their own way
just shrug and move on with their lives
however if you take a human male or
female regardless of education or
nurturing and put them in the exact same
Wildlife Sanctuary the response would be
quite different when the human
approaches the glass fence they don't
see it as a minor distraction they pause
they wonder and more importantly they
ask questions either internally or
amongst others why is the fence here how
far does it reach can I dig underneath
or climb over or go around it these
questions continue in a way you might
imagine but eventually a bigger question
jumps to the top of the list who built
the fence it is that which changes not
only the type of questions being asked
but how the human being or beings look
at their world the giant wildlife
preserve suddenly gets smaller each new
fence border discovered starts to
artificially constrict their expanse
even though the dimensions haven't
before long the preserve their home
loses some of its relevance the fence is
a reminder of the unknown it provokes
fear and endless speculation within the
human given enough time the importance
of the preserve continues to be reduced
especially in relation to the fence and
the reason why it's so engrossing for
the human is simple it's there it's real
they could see it and maybe even touch
it adding more humans to the equation
increases the disparity of the situation
by orders of magnitude have you seen the
fence do you know how long it's been
here have you ever known anyone that's
been outside it it's older than us who
is responsible for the fence what can we
do to appease the group that created it
you can see what this might lead to a
long-lasting group hysteria would
entrench itself within the population
grab hold and never let go the fence is
bigger older and wiser than they are it
humbles them it angers them and it is
forever it is their proof of a higher
power
maybe not God but certainly God like no
civilization regardless of technology
discipline or age would be able to cope
with the existence of it for the human
psyche there are just too many questions
that go unanswered life would never be
able to progress normally
to summarize a garden-variety wildlife
preserve would work for 99.99% of all
the world's life-forms for human beings
however you would need to make some
modifications or really just one big one
so let's take a look at a few examples
of how this could be accomplished and
from there expanded the first failed
example can be seen in the 1998 movie
Dark City this is a good starting point
to get you in the right mindset the
premise here is an advanced race creates
a small flat earth area complete with a
traditional dome the design however is
initially flawed in that they built the
city all the way to the outer edge
leaving no room for error
to compensate for this they altered the
memories of the human population on a
regular basis therefore repressing any
long-term investigations
however in movies there are always
anomalies like the police officer who
realizes that even though he remembers
visiting a place called Shell Beach
there is no way to reach it because
Shell Beach is outside of the flat world
and never existed he just keeps going
around the circular city that has no
exits in the end another man the hero of
the movie makes it to the edge steals
the advanced races power and creates an
ocean which really should have been
there in the first place move from there
to a movie released only four months
later called The Truman Show inevitably
all flat earthers have to take a hard
look at this movie from a technical
point of view the movie follows the same
lines as dark city but in a much more
relatable premise that of a giant
television stage built so that the
outside world can watch a person go
through his life without any knowledge
that he is living inside a flat world
surrounded by a physical dome the movie
is interesting on several levels
including construction using their
existing model of a small town bordered
on one side by a large Lagoon and
wilderness and the other a seemingly
expansive ocean while better than dark
city still had its flaws for one
it was less than 20 miles across and
even though Truman's desire to explore
was repressed there was still a chance
that he would venture to the outer edge
which is where the movie ended but for
the most part it worked
Truman believed the entire scenario
because he was born into it and then
lived 30-plus years without any reason
to doubt where he was which could be
said for any of us if it wasn't for the
end will say movie mistakes that the
studio fell victim to then the show
would have never ended and this then
raises hypothetical scenarios like how
many kids like Truman could you have
raised inside that dome 10:50 now
logistically you can see how it might be
problematic in keeping tabs on that many
kids especially as they got older but
with enough sleight of hand it could be
possible a fictional situation just like
that was made into the 2004 movie the
village and even though it turned into
one of those M night Shyamalan plot
twist things the premise was very
feasible a wealthy group of idealists by
a large parcel of land in an existing
wildlife preserve create a small town
from the 1800s and raise children there
they pay off government officials to
keep planes far away and spread a myth
that monsters live in the forests as far
as the kids are concerned they actually
are living in a small Pennsylvania town
in the 1800s and being born into it why
wouldn't they if the story continued
eventually the elders that founded the
town would all pass away leaving the
children to pass on the legacy free from
any burden of guilt that their world was
not what it appeared to be and keep in
mind this was done with very little land
manipulation and no dome this then
circles back to how many actors the
fictional Truman Show really needed to
hire other than the Leeds who did
product placement the rest of the town
could actually just live their lives
like anyone else use phone lines to call
outside go to restaurants watch
television at home and
so on but again I digress assuming the
technology was possible
how many people like Truman could you
keep in a dome the size of say a state
that was hundreds of miles across
probably thousands if you kept expanding
the size of the dome to a few thousand
miles well then you're talking millions
but when it gets that big something
interesting happens you don't need the
actors anymore start it up like the
village and within just a few
generations
everyone is oblivious and you can leave
them to their own devices starting to
sound familiar
in fact the larger you make the enclosed
world the less micromanaging needs to be
done it gets easier as it scales up this
brings us back to the missing
modification you need for the human race
to keep the storylines consistent and
remove all the hocus-pocus of monsters
in the woods or that you can't get to
Shell Beach you place in gradual
negative reinforcement one that creates
an illusion of choice say for example
that Truman went out in the sailboat the
same as before
but this time the dome was twice the
size and the simulated ocean far larger
how far would he travel before getting
hungry thirsty or tired the movie ending
is then in doubt and if you compare this
scenario where where you are now then
you start to see it look the Flat Earth
map again continents grouped in the
center surrounded in all directions by
hundreds of miles of salt water think
about how much further ancient ships
would have traveled if you could drink
what you are sailing on as you move
closer to the edge the temperature
starts taking a nosedive then you start
seeing icebergs if that doesn't stop you
then you run into what we call
Antarctica which is a steep climb two
miles up with no plant life or
indigenous livestock animals and if you
had the wherewithal to make it that far
you would still have hundreds of miles
of endless ice and snow it's easy to see
why so few people have gone the distance
compare this to the upper ceiling which
is much easier to maintain
you simply decrease the oxygen rates so
that every thousand feet up it gets more
difficult to breathe this slows down
exploration over mountain ranges and
discourages limited control flight such
as balloons also keep in mind that the
dome itself doesn't have to be that high
in relation to the outer ring with
commercial aircraft capping out at 10
miles and Rockets less than 400 the dome
would actually look more like a stadium
roof depending on how you wanted to
display things like the Sun Moon and
stars an enclosed world with these type
of safeguards would be able to sustain
an unknowing population for say what
4,500 years then you could artificially
introduce a globe model into the
scientific community before the
civilization technology reaches a point
that could lead to discovery and 500
years later here we are
a civilization inside an amazing
structure doing what we would naturally
do while the authority stands by the
gate and fears the consequences if we
ever found out for ourselves.
this clue covers the inevitable and
sometimes frustrating question of why
the authority would go to all the
trouble of hiding the Flat Earth my hope
here is to show you different angles and
a progression of events all of which
lead to a very changed world both
physically and mentally to open we have
to go way back to when the world was a
much more simple place you had your five
major religions including Buddhism
Hinduism Judaism Islam and Christianity
each of these groups had their own
version of what is known in Genesis as
the firmament or the flat circular world
enclosed by a solid dome-like barrier
from where the creator or creators
looked on i'm not going to explore all
the subtle differences between the
groups suffice it to say that it's
interesting that despite their
differences that led to acts of horrible
violence between them there was no real
earth model debate so around 500 years
ago the science community led by
Copernicus who probably had a little
help
introduced what we now know as the
heliocentric or globe model of the world
which in turn changed the solar system
galaxies and so on the religions seem
that this globe model was gaining
popularity feared a loss in the fan base
so they all adapted their religion to
include the globe model from their point
of view it was a small change from a
circular to a globe world and really in
a few generations who would remember
anyway the churches mosques temples
wrapped up their Flat Earth model in a
metaphoric soft cloth and put it in the
drawer with a good silver for
safekeeping remember this because we'll
come back to it later and hundreds of
years went by with science promoting all
the aspects of the globe
Mobe and the religions promoting their
beliefs upon this globe the world kept
spinning so to speak and everyone was
happy then in the early part of the
1900s you get this pesky explorer named
Richard Byrd he has family money all the
right connections and secures basically
unlimited funding and the government
green light to probe every piece of
unseen territory there is it was
inevitable I guess a young man who has
an unquenchable desire to see all that
there is to see and then granting him
the tools needed to accomplish this goal
he pulls a Truman and gets lucky
crossing the vast salt ocean avoiding
the icebergs arriving at the frozen
coastline and he keeps going he was
never going to stop one day after
crossing hundreds of miles of
high-altitude ice and snow Admiral Byrd
sees it a barrier and to him it's just a
barrier not the barrier he is but a tiny
speck in front of it it stretches out on
both sides as far as he can see and
straight up so far that he can't
discover the beginning of the arc the
great Explorer now has a new challenge
finding the shape of this thing it's
much like a blind man describing in the
elephant until you feel out the whole
thing what do you really know if you
look at the AE or Flat Earth overhead
map you see the problem to even
determine the scope of the outer wall
you have to circle it it would have
taken months if not years you could use
a series of ships going in opposite
directions or planes but there are
refueling stations that need be built
and so on his task was challenging to
say the least
Admiral Byrd kept laying the groundwork
of the great discovery until his
eventual death in 1957 a year later the
United States and Russia found the upper
edge from there the math was easy and
moreover you could actually see the real
world then of course there is the
decision or deception depending on how
you looked at it
the authority made the call to hide the
actual shape of where we live then
sealed off the outer edge from prying
eyes and created the space program not
only to reinforce the globe model but to
control it there was really only one
reason they cared about this and it
takes a while to process so let's look
at the immediate effects of actual
disclosure on work our way up to the
authorities biggest fear for this
exercise will look at releasing the news
today instead of say 1958
well 1958 would have been easier it's
much more relevant and entertaining to
explain it in modern terms we start with
a press conference by let's say the
United Nations who have discovered that
the world is indeed enclosed in a giant
hi-tech dome of unknown origin and age
the public reacts with Wonder and awe
trying to take in the sheer scope of
this announcement Facebook crashes
Twitter crashes entire mobile networks
crash it's like hitting a beehive with a
sledgehammer
news organizations around the world send
teams to the outer edge to confirm the
finding and the general public is glued
to their media devices that's the good
news
the excitement the revelation the
positive shock then the bad news starts
coming in waves some of which you might
not expect the first is the immediate
disbanding of NASA and all other world
space programs for obvious reasons most
governments will secretly pardon these
groups and keep them immune from
class-action lawsuits the lawsuits
themselves coming from NASA investment
groups claiming fraud regardless
everyone at NASA despite their good
intentions is out of a job overnight
and this is where you would say good
they deserve it about time they stop
lying to everyone oh but it doesn't stop
there because every contractor and
subcontractor that are exclusively tied
to NASA they have to shut down as well
fine
a few thousand jobs lost no big deal
and the ripples continue to spread some
bigger than others observatories all
over the world close their doors and the
reasoning is this if you've been looking
at the ceiling for decades and couldn't
tell it was a ceiling then what good are
you every University in the world that
has an astronomy or astrophysics program
well they don't anymore Stephen Hawking
his book writing days are over
Carl Sagan no more Nova in syndication I
guarantee it those professors are going
to have to retool their skills and be
prepared to answer one giant question
how did you not see it
ort their clues people start
finger-pointing and it will continue for
years and still my fellow flat-earthers
will say well hell that doesn't sound
too bad
so some nerds around the world lose
their jobs so what you don't get off
that easy
is what the finger-pointing at the
now-defunct NASA will then turn to
finger-pointing at the government who
directed the whole thing this is where
we run into some dangerous ground
involving things like the Ark of the
Covenant the Holy Grail and the Ring of
Power and you say you lost me I was with
you until you started bringing up
religious artifacts from movies and
you're supposed to be lost of the five
major religions we mentioned earlier
those being Buddhism Hinduism Judaism
Islam and Christianity none have been
able to produce a supernatural object
over the last five thousand years and
trust me it would be beneficial to do so
the Ark of the Covenant would benefit
Judaism the Holy Grail Christianity and
the Ring of Power
well that benefits someone else maybe
I'll leave alone for now the point is
that all religions are actively seeking
their leverage against science you've
heard of the division between church and
state well here it is advantage Church
the barrier becomes a giant religious
symbol and since it is backed by the big
five
it also becomes Universal the big five
then go into their drawer with a good
silver and pull out this belief that was
forgotten but not lost and say we knew
it all along
and science lied to us temporarily all
religions unite against science who has
been only moderately weakened by the
removal of their astronomy and
astrophysics divisions but the public
won't care because they will listen to
the group shouting the loudest and no
one yells louder than the church they
will scream with righteous fury the dome
was built by our God your God and the
people will turn to science and hear
nothing but crickets and that's where
the world changes because in times of
great stress the public will want words
and while religion has no shortage of
them science simply is incapable of
taking leaps of faith I'll take a glass
half-full approach and say that anyone
listening to this is probably an
intelligent rational person one who can
make informed decisions outside of the
conventional doctrine but for every one
of you there are hundreds if not
thousands of mouth-breathing troglodytes
who will not walk but run to the
respective house of religion and say you
were right about this what else can you
teach me this is what fills the current
Authority with pause the unknown
response to that question with religion
take the high road and work with what
remains of science to discover the truth
it's possible I suppose it's also
possible that religion will combine this
technologically advanced society with a
revitalized and aggressive doctrine that
then transforms daily life into
something that makes the book 1984 seem
like a Saturday morning cartoon show I'm
hoping that mankind will prove me wrong
but so far that isn't the case.
this clue looks into the
inevitable design question below the
surface or more specifically how thick
the Flat Earth design would need to be
to start let's quickly recap the design
features so far a basic dome structure
made up of advanced high-density
material thousands of miles wide and at
least a hundred miles in height the
ceiling of said structure being
projected upon by an Ultra High
Definition system using super LED
technology and a combination of 2d and
3d imaging to simulate all celestial
bodies including Sun Moon stars and so
on the ceiling is then protected by a
scaling decrease in temperature and
oxygen levels to the point where human
life isn't naturally sustainable above
four miles the lower surface of the dome
structure consists of an organic layout
of continents grouped at the center
ensuring that no land bridge exists to
the outer ring this is then surrounded
by hundreds of miles of salt water in
order to limit sea travel the salt
oceans are then adjusted with a scaling
decrease in temperature as the outer
area is approached to the point where
saltwater freezes forming icebergs
further reducing sea travel the outer
ring is then elevated to a height of
10,000 feet reducing oxygen levels and a
buffer zone of 300 miles is created this
zone is devoid of all life forms that
could be used as food further
discouraging land travel that all sounds
pretty good but we left out one thing
depth keeping human beings away from the
sealing is easy because it requires
higher technology protecting the outer
ring is a little more difficult but can
be accomplished with layers of negative
reinforcement protecting the actual
common ground is a different challenge
because digging is basic everyone knows
how to use a show
and most construction requires a
generous amount of digging in addition
natural resources such as coal oil
minerals are harvested through
large-scale digging operations so it's
safe to say that in a human population
is going to be digging a lot of holes
because it's easy and it's necessary to
continue their way of life that being
said how thick would you need to make
the Flat Earth model so that people
didn't accidentally dig their way
through you could use the same method as
the outside barrier and create a series
of undesirable layers ending in a solid
barrier but the ever expanding increases
in general population would create an
unnecessary risk if the bottom of the
Flat Earth was composed of say an
unbreakable material this would pique
the diggers curiosity and if repeated
all over the world would raise
suspicions of design while a solid
barrier works at the end of a frozen
wasteland where no one is venturing or
allowed it doesn't do much if it's found
in a mining quarry or someone's backyard
for that you need something that hasn't
been used up to this point a scaling
increase in temperature all the way to
an ignition flashpoint and then beyond
now you will jump in and say well of
course we all know that there is molten
rock below the surface we see it in
volcanoes and well volcanoes yes yes you
do and we've all seen the cross section
diagram of the globe earth which shows
ever brighter bands of molten structure
and so on which is why I included the
wiki link in the description that covers
the official view of the earth structure
and I quote scientific understanding of
the internal structure of the earth is
based on observations of rock in outcrop
samples brought to the surface from
greater depths by volcanoes analysis of
seismic waves measurements of
gravitational magnetic fields and
experiments with crystals at pressure
and temperatures characteristic of the
Earth's deep interior in short they have
no clue
what's below them none in fact the
deepest holes ever drilled which I've
also linked in the description only go
down eight miles to repeat no one has
gone below eight miles anywhere and
every drilling survey is the same a
scaling increase in temperature to the
point where drill bits stop working you
come back and say but volcanoes yes
there are volcanoes holes in the earth
where molten rock is produced under
pressure I might add
certainly that can't be artificially
created no we can melt rock right now
it's called a smelting plant what do you
think your car is made out of melted
reformed and polished rock we have the
technology to do this it all comes down
to scale create a large set of furnaces
at say 50 miles below the surface that
can melt and pump molten rock and you
say what would the furnaces be made out
of oh I don't know how about the same
dome material that can withstand nuclear
weapons so you take the molten rock
locate a few random access points on the
surface and the rest comes naturally
volcanoes also reinforce the Earth's
structure model that the molten rock
goes all the way to the core which then
in turn reinforces the globe model and
then we're back to where we are now a
smoldering globe flying through space at
high speeds that from a design
standpoint makes no sense
so how thick would the flat earth model
floor need to be oh for common you say
less than a hundred miles similar to the
ceiling and scale large heat generators
placed in a pattern a thin layer of
molten rock 10 to 20 miles down which is
really just a geologic pipe system to
help with the generation of terrain and
there you have it an efficient way of
discouraging all those digging humans
from reaching too far combining a
physical barrier with a mental one eight
miles down and you're going to tell me
what the entire core looks like give me
a break.
this clue looks into a topic I only
glanced at in the original guide which
is the southern hemisphere or in the
Flat Earth model the landmass is closest
to the outer ring I like to give credit
where credit is due and the long haul
title was given to me by a fellow flat
earther who did some of the same
research I did the summary of the video
is this if you are looking to show
someone how to view the Flat Earth from
a practical point of view this is the
example I would use I'm gonna show you
how strange the world looks using just a
few websites some simple math a couple
minutes and your brain you don't have to
write anything down unless you want to
of course I'll give you everything you
need on screen and break down one of the
examples as well I'll also link the
sites in the description for reference
first here are some websites that help
you calculate distance the GPS and your
phone already does this and you may have
an app as well but here are some
dedicated examples time and date calm
TripIt calm distance from to.net world
atlas calm free map tools calm and
travel math calm if your favorite isn't
listed here like Google Maps then use
whatever is most familiar to you now we
are going to look at two specific groups
of cities the first group is going to be
from the area around Australia including
New Zealand we'll call this group one
group one includes Melbourne Australia
Sydney Australia Perth Australia
Auckland New Zealand Christchurch New
Zealand and Hamilton New Zealand
the second group is going to be some
cities in South America all in the
southern hemisphere
I mentioned this because if you go high
enough you will run into a few cities
that won't work group 2 includes Rio de
Janeiro blur Brazil Sao Paulo Brazil
Brasilia Brazil Buenos Aires Argentina
Lima Peru and Santiago Chile again there
is a link in the description with many
other airports now these two groups are
interchangeable as you would imagine so
you can start or end with either Group
one or two the results will be the same
and just to make it interesting I'll use
a slightly different example which a
fellow flat earther did the legwork on
and show you that even these two groups
aren't exclusive so you take anything
from Group one and anything from group
two and you get some distances ranging
from six to eight thousand miles roughly
that's all I want you to do here is get
that part in your head noticing that the
route is bent because they have to
account for the curvature of the earth
all these directions are what you would
expect a straight shot over the South
Pacific Ocean now just to prove it's not
an exclusive route instead of starting
and say Rio and landing in Auckland I'll
start which should be the opposite side
in Cape Town South Africa which is
roughly the same distance on a globe
earth coming in at seventy three hundred
miles notice on the map it's still a
straight shot through the Indian Ocean
and not crossing any countries an easy
route I try to book my flight for this
example we use travel math but you can
use whatever is easiest in your country
like Priceline Expedia Travelocity it
will make no difference because they're
all tied to the same system and this is
when everything goes wrong
so the first leg the airline's don't
send me due east but instead shoot me
4,700 miles almost due north to Dubai
okay maybe we're just picking up people
it seems a bit excessive but I'll go
with it I'm probably comfortable in my
drinking vodka tonics anyway and from
Dubai it should be a straight shot home
to Auckland right or no now they send me
southeast to Melbourne a mere seventy
three hundred miles and then finally a
third leg from Melbourne to Auckland
coming in and around 1,600 miles I'm
rounding up or down to make the math
easier regardless the total miles for
this flight is almost double what should
be expected coming in at 13,000 600
miles in addition the trip took me 37
hours how long should it have taken well
in a triple seven about 12 now this is
where you come in and say well it's
probably an isolated incident or some
strange connection thing you know how
the airlines are oh no my friends we can
do this all day this roulette table is
rigged and there is no way to get a fair
game the first part of the clue is the
utter lack of nonstop flights from
anywhere in this hemisphere which is why
I give you multiple cities in each group
and here's the plot hole for you flying
from international cities like Sydney
Rio Santiago or anywhere else close by
you can't get a single nonstop flight no
matter how much money you pay I tried to
do this for an entire night and it was
like playing an online casino game one
that I was losing most of the time the
connections kept coming in like spam
Windows Start in Christchurch go to
Auckland start knock hland go to Sydney
start in Sydney go to Dubai or Los
Angeles or somewhere else that makes no
sense
some of these connections took the trip
over 50 hours to complete go ahead try
it yourself you may find one non-stop
but even then the strangeness doesn't
end there because the speed is wrong for
reference I included an optimum cruising
speed guide from a commercial pilots
forum that lists all the international
aircraft used in these routes a triple 7
the current state-of-the-art flagship
plane designed for maximum fuel
efficiency has a cruising speed of 640
miles an hour 70 400 mile
comes in at around 12 hours try to find
this route it doesn't exist it can't the
closest I came was a one connection
flight with a three hour layover the
total flight time was 20 hours 20 Tegh
away 3 is 17 not 12 and this might work
if the plane was doing say 430 miles an
hour but it's not in fact the slowest
cruising speed I found was an older
Airbus just around 593 but this is all
just numbers right it is until you pull
up the flat earth map and look at the
farthest two points which just
coincidentally are anywhere in Australia
and most of South America or my example
of Lower Africa which you can see isn't
West at all it's a shell game and a very
good one at that keep people guessing
with multiple connections in lay overs
jumping from city to city people just
sit in their seats trying to sleep
through it and then it hits you well the
pilots would not write they fly all day
every day certainly they would have
figured it out by now
some of them would get suspicious sure
any decent navigator will be able to
work out the speed fuel consumption and
odd connections but imagine what they
would have to get their head around
first they would have to ignore the
world GPS system that has been leading
them to their destinations without error
if you want some interesting side
reading check out the link on the
history of the GPS and I quote developed
in 1973 to overcome the limitations of
previous navigation systems integrating
ideas from several predecessors
including a number of classified
engineering design studies from the
1960s oh and by the way was created by
the Department of the defense the same
people that closed off Antarctica GPS
went fully live in 1995 so if you were a
pilot before then you might have been
able to pick up a breadcrumb trail after
that very difficult plus let's say you
did figure out that something was off
who exactly would you tell the FAA you
would be looking around and wondering
why you were the only one to see it and
then what you make the leap of faith and
see that the entire map system is wrong
never gonna happen
you might as well just tell them that an
alien spacecraft followed your plane
around for two hours we know what
happens then start playing flight time
Cocina for yourself see what interesting
things you can discover and while you're
at it show it to any pilots that you
know but don't forget to leave the words
flat earth out because that's crazy.
someone mentioned
to me recently that while the dome was a
very big concept it made the world much
smaller kind of like what Admiral Byrd
expressed in an interview all those
years ago this someone also said that it
made them sad which I understood and
while I did what I could to comfort this
person I realized that I could have done
more so this video is for the people who
look upon this world with their new eyes
and start drifting into a state of
melancholy to preface this isn't Jail
nor are you lab rats and before I'm done
I hope to show you a version of why to
start let's look at an old story one
that you may have heard involving
another enclosed world kind of like
yours I say kind of like yours because
the finished design that you are sitting
in right now took several revisions in
just about every aspect much like any
project you come up with ideas you see
what works and what doesn't and you
improve the process until you come up
with something that well not everyone
agrees upon satisfies the best of all
criteria one of the first dome layouts
involved a race of people who were
supremely driven by ambition they didn't
have a word for lazy or fear they absorb
knowledge very quickly incorporating
physics advanced electronics engineering
and drove their technology with energy
from the enclosed world itself and when
their technology had reached the point
where the dome structure was discovered
in its entirety there was no reaction of
Wonder and awe they just looked up and
squid
at the sky eventually those squints
turned into glares oh they had religion
to be sure and it was tied to their
daily lives but to them
this wasn't religion it was a challenge
almost like they weren't that impressed
hard to fathom right seeing that your
world had borders but instead of being
afraid
shaking your fist the sky with arrogance
but that's what they did so much
confidence and might that when they
found out where they really were a new
priority was created at first they
dedicated broadcast channels to calling
the dome builders out demanding answers
and ran them day and night at the end of
each cycle the words kept repeating we
know but arrogance ABB's at patience and
their demands were met with silence
which was taken as blatant dismissal
this fueled their ambition even more the
people withdrew all their efforts from
breaching the outer barrier and formed a
new plan if the creators were not going
to submit then they would build a bridge
and meet them at the gates so a building
was designed but to call it a building
was to call the pyramids a sand castle
it was the greatest structure ever
conceived at least to them it was to be
over 30 miles wide and hundreds of miles
high enough to reach the dome ceiling
itself where they would meet the
builders face to face they abandoned
nature completely and pushed aside
ecologic systems to accomplish their
goal for they cannibalized entire
mountain ranges which they used to
admire and love to acquire the raw
material for the awesome structure the
work crews built with flawless precision
and it was obvious that it was going to
succeed a bridge to the edge of the sky
itself the work would only pause
long enough for the mighty armies below
to look up and yell we come for you so
loudly that on a clear day you could
actually feel the domes shake and the
creators faced with their first great
challenge decided to start again and the
people were changed their language
fragmented so that the builders couldn't
continue the tower was dismantled their
technology removed and forgotten and the
people scattered a new group was
introduced to the dome divided in every
way imaginable
so that unity was next to impossible and
everything slowed down languages evolved
and devolved into other dialects and the
languages produced text which produced
different forms of culture and some
amazing things began to happen the most
important of which was the arts the dome
builders saw the artistic pool developed
into several distinct forms everything
drawn in any medium on a flat surface
everything molded that took on a
three-dimensional shape everything that
produced music all things that make up
the human form in motion and all the
written works pictures sculptures music
dance literature the arts driven by
passion it is the very essence of what
is good in humanity once this was
recognized all dome methods put in place
were to cultivate and enhance this
process land masses were adjusted with
geology and temperature to support every
kind of terrain with mountains rivers
oceans Plains forests jungles deserts
all of its stunning all of its
stimulating the human mind nourishing it
and the modifications continued with
seemingly endless shades of weather the
sky was overhauled a moon added and
layers upon layers upon layers of stars
so that one day when the people were
able to see further than there
own eyes there would still be something
new to see and the arts flourished but
there was a cost the languages and
division of cultures had put the
population at odds and wars were raging
at regular intervals the dome builders
debated if the price was too high
plans were drawn up to make more changes
until they noticed that the arts thrived
even through the worst of conflicts
producing grace and beauty
despite their burning world it was
wonderful and terrible at the same time
and the debate outside the barrier
continued to intensify until a majority
spoke out and said this world is a
creative force and we must see what it
leads to the barrier must be hidden at
all costs
so the globe model was put into the
population and both science and religion
adapted to it the arts grabbed onto it
like a new drug the creative minds of
the world exploding with new concepts
their universe was now infinite and the
rules changed science then led to
science fiction which opened up
everything else books pictures
sculptures dance and music all reaching
deep into space decade after decade of
wonderful possibilities rising above the
ashes that were at their feet and it's
not just the artists it's everyone you
affect others who affect others who
inspire others who build it paint it
sculpt it sing it who then put it up on
a pedestal and hold it under the light
and say this is a piece of who we are
and for every one of them there are
hundreds of others who for whatever
reason were unable to express the songs
and images and stories that are in their
heads imagination is far more important
than knowledge because it is limitless
it is your shield your sword against the
cruel
t of destructive forces there are those
right now who live in chaos whose life
is surrounded by a swirling nightmare
from which they think they'll never
escape these are the true warriors of
the world and they are far braver than
me I am humbled by those who suffer the
most know that mountains were built for
you
oceans were built for you all of this
was built for you your struggles and
your trials by fire it may be today it
may be tomorrow but one day the curtain
will close and this stage will be struck
and when the dust settles no matter
where you are right now you'll see the
big picture and have new eyes and you
will be shown what wonder really is and
as you leave this most magnificent of
theatres heading towards the next my
hope is that you'll pause look back at
the stage and say I was actually in it
you know right there in the thick of
things and it was a sight to see because
it really is a hell of a ride imagine
what the next one will be like
you.
this Flat
Earth perspective initially started out
as a problem-solving exercise that was
going to be built into clue 7 otherwise
known as the long haul but after some
research and a little patience it has
evolved into something that warranted
its own section and is a perfect example
of good things come to those who wait
so emails and phone calls than coming in
almost all of them positive several
people from around the world commented
on the southern plains
they said that while 95 percent of the
long routes in that hemisphere were
connections which in itself raises red
flags there were a few pesky nonstops
that seemed to contradict the overall
logic the question then posed to me was
obviously are they real flights could
they be put there to throw the Flat
Earth group off if it was a trick could
I figure out what it was and how it was
accomplished I accepted the challenge
and started my impression of Morgan
Freeman as he went up against the four
horsemen magician crew now admittedly I
was skeptical to start because the
flights went against the third rule that
being the Flat Earth has no shortcuts
only a globe has shortcuts as in magic I
had to assume the rule was not being
broken but only hidden or having the
illusion of being broken but first I had
to see the trick itself I had to see the
planes in question and see them make the
route anyone can list a flight but does
it actually go from point A to point B
with the help of several other people
this was then put to the test well just
about everyone with a cell phone knows
about GPS and
what can track things many people don't
know that even though it's a system
built by the military there is a very
public aspect to it so while your phone
is tracked at all times so are other
things most notably all air traffic now
if you're military you could view
military planes if you work at a cargo
carrier like UPS or FedEx you can view
transport planes the general public is
mostly limited to commercial air traffic
this can be viewed in several places and
the one I chose was plane finder dotnet
you can use others like flight aware
flightradar24 flight tracker it makes no
difference because they are all tied
into the same exact GPS system all these
sites do basically the same thing track
every commercial plane in the world from
start to end in real time so I spend day
after day looking at the plane finder
global map which you see here at any
given time it's tracking between three
to seven thousand flights that are
enroute anywhere in the world you'll
notice two different colors for planes
red and yellow yellow just means there's
a five-minute delay in processing and
only applies to the United States the
point here is in order to prove out
these flights that go against Flat Earth
theory I need to watch a few as they
cross either the South Pacific or Indian
Oceans the webpage updates automatically
but just to be sure I close and reopen
the page every 30 minutes or so and wait
for an ocean plane and I wait and I wait
and I wait some more hours pass days
pass and no red planes to entertain me
and somewhere in this process of me just
staring at these empty oceans waiting
for a plane to cross something occurs to
me can you guess what it is
nothing is
crossing these oceans not nonstops
connections multiple connections nothing
but that's not possible right the planes
have to reach their destinations so I
change gears and just watch the
coastlines of anything in the southern
hemisphere and I start to see it I
follow a simple plane out of Brazil on
its way to South Africa which by the way
is not part of the long haul argument
its offshore just a few hundred miles I
get something to drink and when I come
back it's gone hmm just a glitch right
so I follow another and another and the
same thing happens again
and again once the plane reaches an
imaginary line in the water
GPS makes it disappear then a friend who
is also working on this problem sends me
some links which I've included in the
description I encourage you to take a
look at them at first they don't seem
like much just an average flight log
showing speed altitude locations things
you could expect then you scroll down to
about 3:30 in the morning and the
location drops away and is replaced by
either the word approximate or the word
estimated this then continues for the
next five hours until miraculously
one hour before landing the flight log
reestablishes itself and the GPS system
shows the plane in real time about to
reach its destination so to be clear to
those who may not be seeing everything
here the flights are being dropped off
GPS and their flight data is also turned
off and stays off until they are almost
on top of their arrival point and you
say well that's how GPS works well no
because the northern hemisphere has
planes flying
over there oceans and then you say that
maybe it's localized southern hemisphere
thing and I say then why are all the
flights over or near land perfectly
tracked furthermore this is a us-based
system with Americans flying on vacation
every single day you're telling me that
those people aren't going to be tracked
in addition the vanishing plane act is
happening to not only the South Pacific
and Indian Oceans which I would expect
but also the South Atlantic which isn't
part of the Flat Earth argument there
are a bunch of flights that cross this
relatively small ocean between South
America and Africa and every one of the
planes is hidden shortly after takeoff
so then you say what would be the
purpose of hiding those shorter routes
in the Atlantic it's because of
something I didn't see right away if you
hide one flight you have to hide them
all showing the GPS routes in the
Atlantic but leaving out the Pacific and
Indian Oceans would raise different
questions so the logic here despite
being very sneaky is sound the third
rule is that the Flat Earth has no
shortcuts if you look at the as a muffle
equidistant map again and look close you
notice that while the South Pacific
South Atlantic and Indian Oceans make up
the lower sections on a globe they make
up the outer ring on a flat model in
that model there is no shortcut between
Australia and South America if you are
creating flight routes you have only two
choices you take the long way around
clockwise or counterclockwise and stay
on the ocean or you cut across the land
in the middle but if you cut across the
land you have to create connections
because on a globe
it wouldn't make sense to fly over the
top of the United States to get to South
America neither of these choices are
ideal so the authority came up with a
compromise disabled GPS and lose the
planes for every ocean flight in the
southern hemisphere then reactivate them
once the destination is reached this is
just one of the lengths that they are
willing to use to keep you from seeing
it don't just hide some things hide
everything so that maybe the topic isn't
addressed and some would come back and
say well nice going you just pointed out
a flaw in their system and sooner or
later they will fix the gap hmm maybe
but not soon I think remember this is a
rule not a guideline they can't change
the map so they have to work within its
limitations if they have a better
workaround I can't wait to see it.
as you can
tell from the title I'm taking a
different approach eventually I was
going to have to address the question of
what happens next or what we do now with
the information at hand if you've made
it through the guide and the first nine
clues then at this point you are either
buying into the flat model or on the
fence if this is the first one you went
to because of the title I recommend you
go back because we're not going to do
much in the way of reviewing but if
you're still with me then you would
agree that one the world you've been
taught has been kept from you and two
one way or another you would like to
prove this out so how is this possible
the authority in question who created
what you call the globe is guarding all
the gates they protect the sky the outer
edge and most importantly the education
system that shows us at an early age
what they want us to see nobody
listening to this has their own
spaceship or advanced rocket program
nobody actually owns a long-distance
icebreaker and while some of you may
have a private plane
I wouldn't recommend testing a military
barrier that technically doesn't exist
but then again you have to remember that
this is not the story of David and
Goliath the hidden world was never going
to be sustainable forever as a
civilization evolved the tools the
authority uses as a method of control
become more vulnerable I've learned many
things about systems over the years and
one thing that I find most interesting
is as layers of strength increase the
higher the chance that they can be used
to your advantage
but maybe I'm talking in riddles I
should be boiling it down to what can be
done by showing you what's being hidden
what's important and how it can be
spread to others without looking like a
crazy person
to be clear and I can't stress this
enough
do not start conversations with the word
Flat Earth think of it like Fight Club
the first rule of flat Club is that you
do not talk about flat Club before you
started waking up and watching all these
things you were like me you laughed and
mocked everything that was Flat Earth
you may have learned faster than others
but the knee-jerk reaction by 99% of the
people was created the day they sat down
in a classroom and stared at the globe
look at the videos not just mine but
others who are putting forward some
great arguments and ask the questions
that people can relate to I'm going to
introduce three very important questions
that you can use each with a statement
precedes it and each statement is a
motivation for a different group of
people if you don't fall into one of
these three groups then I guarantee you
know people that do the first statement
is this you are being hidden what do I
mean by that well this goes back to clue
7 and clue 9 which talked about the
flights in the southern hemisphere if
you are flying a plane over the southern
hemisphere your flight is not being
tracked how can this be used to find out
the truth
it's simple it's quick and it costs no
money no matter what country you live in
send a quick note to your local state or
federal representative and ask them this
question why are citizens of our country
flying over oceans without the safety
net of the GPS system and remind them
that GPS stands for global not partial
without GPS anything could happen to
your plane and no one knows where you
are
and while you're at it remind them that
the GPS system was built by the United
States Department of Defense who never
does anything small the system that is
in effect now has what appears to be
huge deliberate gaps in the southern
hemisphere only do not mention Flat
Earth just voice our concern about the
safety of you your loved ones and your
fellow citizens will they get back to
you possibly will they give you a
satisfactory answer not a chance because
they will only have what the military
gives them what this will do however is
create a unique buzz in certain circles
that may prove to be useful later the
more politicians or high-ranking
officials you contact the greater than
noise the motivation here as you can
tell is general public concern the
second statement is this wealth is being
hidden what do I mean by that goes back
to clue to and every other mention
regarding Antarctica in 1954 it was
announced on national television that
the continent was just millions of miles
of rich energy resources and by 1959 it
was sealed off like area 51 how can this
be used to find out the truth by
contacting anyone you know in either the
petroleum natural gas or mineral
industry this means Exxon Mobil British
Petroleum Royal Dutch Shell Chevron
ConocoPhillips BHP Billiton Rio Tinto
Glencore Anglo American and there are
many others find anyone in these
companies and make inquiries about their
prospects in Antarctica send them the
link to the Admiral Byrd interview and
ask them why if there are no
environmental conflicts regarding oil
gasps or mining why aren't they allowed
to even petition the idea even when the
world's energy resources are dwindling
more every day put the sound of money in
their ear they may not be able to break
through the decades of red tape laid out
in front of them but it will create a
buzz from a different side the
motivation of greed and of pristine
resources just begging to be harvested
and finally to preface the third
statement I need to thank all the people
who have sent me stacks and stacks of
biblical scripture asking me to stop
dancing around the title of the flat
model and call the structure what it
really is and you know they have a point
I have put myself at a distance because
I want to reach people who are outside
of religious faith and even outside of
general conspiracies but for all those
spiritual groups who have contacted me I
can now however say with conviction that
this third statement is this they are
hiding God despite what labels I put on
the flat model structure the oldest
names are from the oldest texts one of
those being called the firmament if the
firmament was indeed discovered in 1956
and it was deliberately hidden then the
ruling authority not only hid the
structure but evidence of the builders
and by builders I mean creators and by
that I mean what people define as god
hiding God could be considered one of
the worst ideas of all time and if you
were a person of great or small faith
you have a vested interest in any
evidence that would solidify and
vindicate your years of dedicated
service if a structure was found that
had for all intents and purposes the
handprint of God on it then the ruling
authority has no right to keep it from
you there are billions of people on this
world
who
personally dealt with the concept of God
and would like to know for sure if these
beliefs are well-placed or in short you
want to know the meaning of life it's
out there and it's been hidden from you
your motivation is clear go to your
church leaders your congregation and
tell them science probably found
evidence of God in 1956 and decided to
keep it a secret if you know people of
religious power send this up the latter
get the word out and see what comes back
between these three statements and
questions people will talk to people who
will talk with others and eventually
reach someone who knows this isn't a
grass root or groundswell movement that
takes a long time because the system
that has been used to mold and control
you these past years has been based on
speed and by that I mean real time all
it takes is a single video a memorandum
one whistle blower one key person and
everything changes not in months or
weeks or days but hours and in those
hours everything changes because of the
speed people all over the world wake up
and look at the sky with new eyes and
things start to get better one person
that's all it takes one person to come
forward and share what has been hidden
for so long maybe someone who is tired
of all the games maybe someone who is
gone year after year burdened by such a
heavy secret maybe you who are listening
right now who is looking for a reason to
come forward this is it and if you don't
want to walk into the light and be the
hero
I understand but if you can't for
whatever reason then be anonymous share
the message
and help us make this world better
because it can be better for everyone
else give this person an opening give
them the opportunity and give them the
support they need to help reclaim what's
left of our civilization because we need
it now more than ever I will keep
spreading the word for as long as I can
in hopes that everyone that hears it
start seeing things with new eyes and I
encourage each of you to do the same and
maybe one day we will learn to treat
others better than we treat ourselves
you
this clue looks into the recent past or
more specifically an odd but interesting
piece of conspiracy lore what I hope to
show here is an example of how an
enclosed system once revealed can change
the world very quickly and in ways you
may not have realized to start we need
to go back a little ways to a
controversial 2004 documentary called
astronauts gone wild for those of you
who missed this strange little gem the
summary is this the producer director
Bart Winfield sibrel went out to prove
that all the moon landings were
elaborate hoaxes to do this he set up
interviews with the Apollo astronauts
giving them the impression that the
interview was just routine he then
produced a Bible and asked each of the
astronauts to swear on the book before
the interview started the interview was
then supposed to be a series of detailed
technical questions designed to trip up
the astronauts during the process there
was quite a bit of tension and some very
uncomfortable moments including one
actual fistfight now I'm not
recommending that anyone actually go out
and watch this hour-long documentary for
me the astronauts have had to live with
his guilt a long time and leaving them
alone seems like the humane thing to do
what interested me and moreover what
piqued my interest then wasn't the
unoriginal questions the reporter posed
but how the astronauts reacted to the
Bible itself
none of the Apollo pilots would put
their hand on it and swear that they
went to the moon in fact most treated
the book like it was made of plutonium
this puzzled me for years because it
went against the basic rules of any
cover-up one of which is lie about
everything
now the pilots of the Apollo program had
done many interviews over the years many
televised it had been going through
their song-and-dance without really any
instances of contention so why not just
go through the motions again it is after
all just a book right people lie under
oath all the time
it's called perjury and every country
has an extensive system of laws and
punishments to deal with it these
punishments don't seem to stop the
people from committing perjury and you
can read about it almost every day
furthermore the astronauts were not in
court this was just a room sometimes
their own home so swearing on the book
would for all intents and purposes be
meaningless and this sat in the back of
my head for years because it didn't make
sense
why would astronauts trained by a very
large military science program be afraid
of just putting their hand on the book
and just tell one more lie well for them
it may have been more than just a book
it may have been a symbol of something
much bigger you see for you me and
almost everyone else a holy book is a
symbol of faith because the creator or
creators have yet to be revealed but if
you knew that the creators were real
then the book becomes something much
more tangible more relevant more
sobering or more to the point the Apollo
astronauts would have been lit in on the
enclosed system during their tenure with
NASA and over the decades this system
created certain truths for these men one
of which is someone could be watching
now whether the builders slash
creators are actually watching every
little thing we do can be debated but if
you have proof that they are real then
the thought of your every move being
scrutinized is a very real possibility
this is what you and I may suspect but
don't feel the Apollo pilots however are
a different story if they were shown how
the world really looked then their
attitude towards the book takes on a
whole new meaning in fact it didn't have
to even be a Bible it could have been
encyclopedia or a piece of wood because
it was the idea that made them pause and
if you're still not getting it then I'll
ask you directly if you actually saw
some of the creator's handiwork and knew
that there was a chance you were being
watched and there was a scorecard
involved would you swear against that
I'd lie about something would you roll
those dice and take the chance or to put
it another way everyone has gotten
frustrated about something then looked
up and cursed the sky would you still do
that if you knew that a creator was up
there and possibly listening that's just
one example of how knowledge of the
enclosed system changes people
the astronauts didn't want to roll the
dice and lie because there was a real
fear of retribution and while they were
confident that a bolt of lightning
wasn't going to strike them down they
also weren't going to push their luck
and we all take on the same approach in
daily life everyone who drives has run a
stop light we know when we see the
yellow light that it's too far away
so we hit the gas and hope for the best
especially if the traffic is light and
we aren't putting anyone in danger but
you take that very same intersection and
put a red light camera on it well then
things change don't they do you hit the
gas and roll the dice not a chance
you hit the brakes and hope that you can
stop in time because you are being
watched you may not be a model driver by
any sense of the word but you understand
this rule and this place and you don't
break it and this one aspect is why I'm
pushing so hard to see the enclosed
system revealed because as a
civilization we seem to be only as good
as what we can get away with this isn't
an issue with freedom it's an issue with
doing the right thing you know that
running red lights is a bad idea
the camera is a reminder of that imagine
all the things that would change for the
better
if the enclosed system was revealed
would you lie to hurt someone would you
rob a bank commit fraud or embezzle
would you steal anything unless your
life depended on it and while people
would still get angry and fight would
they maim each other would they kill
would anyone knowingly commit murder
would you bully or extort people for
profit in fact knowing that the world
was created would you do anything
malicious towards anyone
if the world is not a globe but instead
enclosed then Wars end
hate crimes end maybe not overnight but
quickly because you maybe for the first
time in your life actually accountable
for your actions you realize now that
you are a very real soul in this
enclosed system and you have a
responsibility towards your fellow man
one that can be boiled down into one
simple rule treat others better than you
treat yourself this this is why it's so
important to show the world as it really
is
this is why I am asking the authority
itself to open the door and let this
secret come through you've kept this
hidden for too long and the people who
live here with you have been through
enough this isn't about money or power
anymore it's about our very Souls the
essence of who we are
wealth and titles don't define your
heart hiding the entire world may have
seemed like a good idea at the time
but we have gone way beyond that have
you actually seen our home recently this
needs to be fixed and it needs to be now
the people won't forget the deception
but they will forgive you for it because
a truth like this will make them more
noble something we should have been
since the beginning
Human eyes are easy to manipulate. Take this classic
example. If you stare at the four dots in the center for 30
seconds, then turn away and look at something white, then
you will see a residual image of a bearded man, but that’s not
the trick. 
It’s that the residual image is in color, even though you were
staring at something black and white, showing you that your
eyes can be conditioned in a relatively short amount of time.
Many people will see this dragon and think it’s a computer
generated effect. 
It’s actually very real, but the illusion only works from certain
angles. If you walk too far one way or the other, you can see
behind the scenes. 
If you cannot see behind the scenes, your mind can’t break
out of the illusion, no matter how hard you try.
And this then leads us back to something that shouldn‘t be a
trick, but is. It‘s called the Mercator map
And you say that it’s not a deception, it’s a real map. How do
you know this? Because it was on a wall in your school
classroom? All geographers in the world know that this map is
very wrong. 
The correct perspective map is this, the Gall Peters
It shows countries how they actually are in comparison to
each other. This is the map that should be in schools right
now, but the authority thinks you’ll be more comfortable with
the old map. 
This is a readers digest version containing many of the interesting parts of the
flat earth theory. For those who have already started seeing things with new eyes
it will be mostly a recap but there could be a few new angles you haven’t looked
at. For the rest of you who are new to this the first question is invariably, is this a
joke? Because it’s a joke right?
And that’s where we start, because it’s one of our two basic childhood facts. 1 +
1 = 2, and the earth is a globe. We’re taught this before almost everything else,
and that right there should give you a clue on how serious this secret is.
But for those who have forgotten their history, here’s the modified “Men In
Black” version. For the first 4,000 years of our civilization, we believed that the
earth was a flatish disk, surrounded by a solid dome barrier called the
Firmament. All of the five major religions had their own version of this, and the
churches enforced the belief.
Then, around 1514, a man named Copernicus created a new model of the world.
He stated that if the earth was spinning around 1,100 miles an hour, and circling
around the sun at 60,000 miles an hour, the world was then round.
And while the math more or less worked, there was a problem. It was 1500, and
the technology to prove such a theory wasn’t there. The first balloon to carry
people wasn’t invented until 1760. Sailboats were the only travel over water, and
the fastest thing on land was a horse.
But the new world view was promoted and took hold. The religions adapted to
handle the new reality, and life moved on. More importantly, the globe model
was quickly introduced into the education systems.
Over the next 500 years the challenges to this model faded, to the point where
the globe was accepted as universally as physical laws such as gravity. Read
that again if you didn’t absorb it. For 20 generations people believed that the
earth was round because there was a globe in every classroom they sat in. There
was no proof.
Hundreds of years went by, and still civilization had no way of proving the
theory. Planes were invented around 1900, but until 1957 nothing could go high
enough to give a true perspective of where we lived.
And that’s when everything got STRANGE. The United States and Russia both
sent up rockets high enough to take decent pictures, and what they saw, scared
them a great deal. How do we know they were extremely concerned about the
sky? Because the US and Russia immediately started firing nuclear weapons
straight up, and kept firing for the next four years.
A few things to keep in mind here. First, this was now 1958. Nuclear weapons
were very expensive and hard to come by. These also weren’t those nominal
yield 20 kiloton toys we used on Hiroshima. This was high kiloton to low
megaton, and we couldn’t get them up fast enough….
And the strangeness continued in other places. In 1959, only a year into the
atmosphere bombardment, 10 nations including the US made Antarctica off
limits to any colonization. A treaty was put in place and to this day remains
intact. Over 50 nations now have signed off on this treaty.
Do you know any treaty that has lasted that long between all industrialized
nations? More over, do you know any piece of real estate in the world that is
owned by no one? You would think at the very least one of the large oil
companies would use their huge financial resources to explore this region, and
yet they don’t even petition the idea.
The short version of the discovery is this. By 1958 the military had discovered
the very solid upper and outer edges of our world, and had to create a way to put
up “do not enter” signs without looking obvious. It was tricky, but if there is one
thing that I have learned about the authority, it’s that nothing is left to chance.
Most of the work had already been done for them, so their job was primarily in
the details. The sky part of the dome was much higher than commercial air
traffic, so the only thing they had to worry about there was the space program,
which was immediately militarized. The outer border had the natural benefit of
not only an extensive ocean, but a scaling decrease in temperature, and a steady
increase in iceberg frequency to discourage ships, all leading to a permanently
frozen land mass that could not be used for any form of agriculture.
This ocean and ice layout had worked well for thousands of years, because the
technology of the current civilization didn’t evolve quickly. Sailors avoided cold
weather seas whenever possible, and oxygen levels get low enough to harm
people even on high mountains.
The brilliance of the design comes in the simple fact that human males are
corrupted by power. Corruption so total in fact that they would rather hide the
world itself rather than risk their power on it. You could theorize that Kings and
Popes were told of the world a long time ago. Maybe an ancient scroll or book.
Perhaps an inter dimensional being told the tale of what the world looked like,
but this was all but dismissed because even the most powerful leaders of the day
couldn’t reach the borders, and if they couldn’t, what chance did the general
public have?
It’s one thing to be told of the giant, impenetrable dome, but it’s a whole
different animal when you finally stand right next to it. Then the tough decisions
have to be made. Do we keep the secret, and how far are we willing to go to
keep the status quo?
Once they decided to keep the secret, no expense was spared. The rapid
progression of rocketry science had to be addressed quickly, and so the Moon
missions were created.
Matt from the NASA Channel was right in his thinking that you needed the
moon mission event to stage a picture of the earth from deep orbit, and that
couldn’t be more true. Establishing NASA as the front runner of space
exploration also diverted people who would have otherwise created their own
space companies for profit.
The best engineers, technicians, and pilots were recruited to the NASA space
program. Once there, they were compartmentalized on a need to know basis. The
astronauts know of the deception, and are sworn to secrecy under the penalty of
whatever motivates them.
Private space programs are discouraged, sabotaged, or absorbed into the NASA
fold. Private sector space craft are just not going to be allowed for several
reasons; the most obvious is the collision with the dome itself. The telemetry
data from such a mission would show an impact failure at a certain altitude, and
if repeated, would raise questions NASA just isn’t prepared to answer.
There are three perpetual questions about our world that can’t be eliminated, but
avoided at all costs. These are the questions you should ask yourself and others,
if this protective layer is going to be lifted.
1. I’d like to preface this with a thank you to Max Malone, a conspiracy hard
core who has a knack for boiling down debates to a single paragraph whenever
possible. After over 50 years and thousands of hours of space travel footage,
both by NASA and other countries, is there no exterior shot where the astronaut
completes the simple act of panning the camera 180 degrees, let along a full 360
sweep.
No moon mission, exterior space station, nothing, ever. Statistics will tell you
that this would have already happened by accident years ago, but it hasn’t, and it
won’t. This is because of the rule they cannot break, the same rule that applies to
television set shows that never show the fourth wall. Why? There is no fourth
wall.
2. When you search online for pictures of the earth from space, 95% of what you
will see is a collection of artificial composite shots. In 2000 when I did this
search there was exactly one picture by NASA, showing the bottom part of
Africa and Antarctica. Now that picture is hidden within hundreds of simulated
images. There are HD cameras everywhere and no one is taking a shot of the
earth, because you can’t get enough altitude to do it.
3. The commercial air travel routes for the Southern hemisphere are wrong. This
is an easy thing you can check out in 60 seconds. Take a map reading of the
distance between anywhere near Australia and anywhere in South America. It’s
a straight shot across the South Pacific. Now find your favorite travel site and try
to get there non-stop. See what happens. The routes start turning ridiculous. I
used to business travel for years, and I’ve never seen anything like it.
It’s the one thing in the general public world they can’t hide, the actual distance
between these two places. On a round world the flight is easy, just a straight shot
across an ocean, but on a flat world, it becomes the greatest distance between
two points. There are no shortcuts, so they distract you with multiple connects
and layovers. It’s only blind luck that the United States was in the Northern
hemisphere; otherwise the increased traffic would have raised eyebrows by now.
I know, I know, its madness, its lunacy. There are people who will tell you
straight to your face that all the leaders of the world are Lizards, and yet laugh
out loud when you say the words flat earth.
I was, and still am, a huge conspiracy guy. I literally ran out of new tin hat topics
to research and I STILL wouldn’t look at this one without embarrassment, but
every time I glanced at it there was something unresolved, and once I saw the
near perfection of the whole plan, I was hooked.
Do your own homework, ask the questions, get past the possibility and see if you
can move into an even bigger picture, like who built the dome, and why. That’s
where it starts to get really interesting, and things start opening up.
I know I said years ago that the greater good was something that should be
preserved, that JFK, Pearl Harbor, and 911 were inevitable, I still believe it, and
I understand the decisions. The globe illusion however has run its course over
the last 500 years, time to start again. If that means we end up getting the
attention of who or what created this place, and force the reset of the world, is
that such a bad thing?
I’ve included some website links in the resources section that you might want to
check out, like the current map projections used by the USGS, the United
Nations logo, the flat earth society, high altitude nuclear tests, the Antarctica
treaty, among others.
Initially I didn’t allow ratings or comments on the videos for several reasons.
One, this topic seems to bring out the worst debates because of the initial denial,
that and I’ve seen dedicated trolls on the flat earth society website who show up
every day and say the same thing to new forum members. It’s a joke; it’s not
serious, nothing to see here. Kind of strange that there are full time trolls on a
site that has less than 500 members worldwide eh?
This is part of a series of clues that can help you get your head around both the
design of the flat earth system we live in, and who has been involved in the
deception to hide it from you.
The clue you have to look at is built upon another conspiracy that has been
around for decades, namely the space program. Most of those watching this are
aware of the varying theories revolving around NASA, the Apollo program, the
space shuttle, the international space station, and so on.
The clue itself isn’t based on one of these highly debated topics, but the lack of
one, more specifically, motion pictures based on actual events.
This, like others in the series, is something you can check out for yourself.
Everything you need to reference this is online. To begin, think of all the movies
involving space travel that you’ve seen in your lifetime.
You’ll start with the obvious, Star Wars, Star Trek, Alien, just to name a few. In
fact if you go through your own personal list, you could probably come up with
over 100 different off world movies without breaking much of a sweat. This part
is easy.
For the second group, try to come up with space movies that aren’t fantasy
based. You’ll get a list that has Red Planet, Gravity, Mission to Mars, 2001,
things like that. These films will usually take on a not so distant future theme
and where we could be down the road, and it’s still a pretty good sized list.
These first two groups of films are encouraged by the authority, because they
reinforce the globe model view through assumption. The entertainment system
demands that the globe view and solar system concept is a given, therefore, the
actual world view must also be true.
Or to put it another way, if you are using your suspension of disbelief as you
watch a movie like, say, Gravity, then subconsciously you are reinforcing the
movie right on top of the real world.
The more of these movies you watch and enjoy, the more the lines blur between
what you want to believe and what you actually know. Watch enough movies
about Mars, and you will be less astonished when NASA announces an actual
mission to Mars. Same with the moon, other solar systems, and so on.
Releasing the movie “2001, a Space Odyssey” in 1968, right before the actual
moon missions, was no accident. It took the greatest director of the time 5 years
to make and several people who saw the theatre screenings claim that many
military groups were listed in the credits, only to be removed years later.
But 2001 is just a side note of this clue. For those who really want to dig into
Stanley Kubrick’s hidden vision, I highly recommend the documentary “Room
237”[1]. A link to it is below, and also in the resources section at the end.
Now you are aware of the first two groups of space films. There are those that
contain generous amounts of fantasy, and those who try to paint our near future.
These two groups are easy to find.
The third group is the challenge, and again, that’s where things get interesting.
The moon missions concluded in 1972, and even though it’s still considered the
greatest achievement by mankind, no fact based movies were made regarding it
until “The Right Stuff” was released in 1983. Now you might say that it had only
been 11 years and maybe it was tough to get the rights, and so on, but that’s not
what made the film interesting.
The movie ran extremely long for 1983, coming in at three hours and 12
minutes. It was an exhaustive look at the astronaut selection process, the
competition, and the training facility itself, but when the credits rolled thee hours
later, chronologically, they had only gotten to the low earth orbit missions. Just
for fun, Google the right stuff movie and see how many spacecraft you can find.
It won four academy awards, and did a great job at the box office, but the Apollo
missions were never touched.
The only other major motion picture that involved the actual moon program was
Apollo 13 in 1995, a full 12 years later. Apollo 13 only covered a single moon
orbit, with no landing or close up reference to the previous missions below them.
And after 1995, that was it. Nothing.
Hollywood is known for leaving no stone unturned with reboots and sequels to
nearly everything, yet in almost 60 years, there has never been a single moon
mission movie based on actual events. Hundreds of science fiction films
referencing it, everything from Superman to the Transformers, but literally
nothing that covers the moon surface. Six complete moon missions involving
multiple vehicles, moon buggies, playing golf, and no one wants to touch it.
Now to be fair, there was a TV miniseries in 1998 covering the subject. It was
produced by Tom Hanks who got involved after starring in Apollo 13. There has
been no professional production of any kind since then. Again, just for fun,
Google from earth to the moon TV series and see what you find.
The why is easy, and the clue revealed. If Hollywood makes a movie about the
moon landings, and it’s indistinguishable from the real thing, then how do you
know which is real? It raises some subtle questions involving stage technique,
and how long they have been in place. If Hollywood could fake it now, then
when did they first have the ability?
There is one other movie which stands out, and I mention it because I can’t
believe it ever got made. It is Capricorn One. The film’s plot involved the faking
of a Mar’s mission and how it could be accomplished. In short, it’s part of the
conspiracy world bible. I highly recommend it and the link is below[2] (and also
in the resources section).
To summarize, all space movies are encouraged by the authority, except for the
ones that are based on actual accounts. Those are not allowed. The moon
program has been buried in entertainment because the moon cannot be reached.
It’s either outside the barrier, or just a highly rendered image, like any planet you
see when entering a video game. The world is FLAT, and this is just one clue.
So do some of your own research, and ask questions!
This clue revolves around one of the most remarkable men you may have never
heard of, Richard E. Byrd and his relationship with Antarctica, and the secretive
missions he carried out there until his dying day.
Some of you have followed the legend of Richard Byrd through the hollow earth
theory. We aren’t going to be covering any hollow earth in this chapter, but
instead focus on the man and his involvement with the South Pole.
The readers digest version of Richard Byrd is as follows: Born in 1888, he
became an American naval officer who specialized in feats of exploration. He
was a pioneering American aviator, Medal of Honor winner, polar explorer,
aircraft navigator, expedition leader in the worst environments in the world, and
the youngest Admiral in the history of the navy.
In addition, his list of awards takes up several pages in Wikipedia, including
three ticker tape parades in his honor. In short, he was Indiana Jones on steroids.
Some people will say that Roy Chapman Andrews was the real Indiana Jones,
and you might be right, but Richard Byrd beat Indy six days a week and twice on
Sunday.
I mention all his accolades to paint a picture of credibility and trust. The
governments of the US and the world trusted his judgment and leadership, and
they took advantage of every chance they had to put him in charge of special
missions.
The first large scale mission was an expedition to Antarctica in 1928. This was
noteworthy because even though he had just flown over the North Pole in 1926,
all expeditions from 1928 on were focused on the South. The expedition lasted
two years, and during it, at the age of 41, was promoted to Admiral.
His second Antarctic expedition ran from 1933 to 1935, and his third from 1939
to 1940. While in Antarctica he also was an advisor for other countries who had
their own expeditions, including England, France, Germany, and building off
previous countries expeditions from Belgium, Japan and Sweden.
He then helped lead US Navy fleet operations in World War 2, was present
during the Japanese surrender in 1945, but then something strange
happened….He went back to Antarctica.
Now some of you aren’t surprised, because he’d been there since 1928, and I
agree with you, it’s the how that’s interesting here.
His fourth trip to Antarctica wasn’t an expedition, it was a military operation
called Operation “High Jump”.
Commanding an entire aircraft carrier group that included 13 support ships,
Admiral Byrd led 4,700 men to the South Pole, for reasons that are still shrouded
to this day.
Some say they were chasing the remaining Nazi fleet, even though Germany had
surrendered a full year earlier. Others say that there was a Nazi base established
in Antarctica during the war, when Admiral Byrd was absent. None of these
theories are important for this clue.
What we do know is that the US had sent an excessively large military force to
the ice, all under the guise of peaceful intentions.
During this operation, Admiral Byrd told a Chile newspaper this:
The most important result of his observations and discoveries is the potential
effect that they have in relation to the security of the United States. The fantastic
speed with which the world is shrinking – recalled the admiral – is one of the
most important lessons learned during his recent Antarctic exploration. I have to
warn my compatriots that the time has ended when we were able to take refuge
in our isolation and rely on the certainty that the distances, the oceans, and the
poles were a guarantee of safety.
After the operation, Admiral Byrd toured the states, and gave interviews. The
most interesting of which as a national television show in 1954 called the
Longines Chronoscope, a horrible name, but a decent show. I’ve added the
transcript to the end of this chapter and put the reference link below[3] and in the
resources, so that you can watch it for yourself.
During this television interview, he first spoke of an area beyond the South Pole
as large as the United States, which no one had set foot on yet. He then went on
to say that there would probably be expeditions year after year because the US
government had really become interested.
The interviewers then probed as to why the interest in the South, when any
perceived military threat from Russia (keep in mind this was 1954) would be
from the North. He went on to say that it was the most valuable and important
place in the world for science. It involved the future of the nation, an untouched
reservoir of untapped resources, including coal, oil, minerals, and uranium.
He added that at the time of this interview, there were seven nations currently
engaged in Antarctica including Russia, Australia, Argentina, Chile, and New
Zealand.
During the interview the Admiral talked about planning the next military
mission to Antarctica. It was called Operation Deep Freeze, and ran from 1955
to 1956.
The mission was completed, and he supposedly returned home.
Now this is where you come in and say, so what, and normally I’d agree with
you, except for what happened next. Nothing happened next. The missions just
suddenly stopped, and that was it! No other expeditions, military or otherwise
were conducted on the continent, ever!
Then a treaty was put in place banning any country from doing basically
anything. The end.
And if you’re wondering what you’re missing, it’s this:
Admiral Byrd goes on television, says that this massive body of land, most of
which sits on a plateau 2 miles high, is rich with every resource you could ever
want, ENERGY rich, pristine, with no indigenous population or plant life, and
every country that has sent teams is ready to carve it up like a big turkey, not to
mention there’s a expanse of land larger than the United States they haven’t even
LOOKED at yet, and out of the blue everyone just calls the whole thing off?
There are no environmentalists in 1959; this is the land of Diner food and 20
cent gas!
I’m calling total BS on this one. The dollar value of the initial resource find
would have fueled armies of greedy companies. So what happened? They found
the edge that’s what, and the last thing they were going to do was let
unsupervised companies near it, regardless of the money. Even if hundreds of
miles away, you couldn’t allow resource corporations even into a safe area, and
then years down the road as they expanded, tell them, oh, sorry, you can’t go
beyond this point. When the companies ask why, what would they tell them?
And now the interior of Antarctica is off limits, with no revisions until the year
2041. You can take tours of the outer islands, but there is a hidden line, enforced
by the military, that you will not be able to cross.
Because the interior is actually the exterior edge. It’s there, it’s hidden, and it’s
protected.
The earth you live on is flat.
So do some of your own research, and ask questions.
This clue looks into the USGS, otherwise known as the map makers of the
world, and a few surprising things that they and others have in common with the
flat earth idea.
All the reference links are provided either in footnotes to the page, or in the
resources section at the end of the book, and I encourage you to check them out.
For those of you outside of the United States, USGS stands for United States
Geological Survey, a scientific branch of the US Government. Formed in 1879,
and with the help of the ever expanding American Empire, they quickly became
the premier map makers of the known world. Currently, they have around 9,000
employees and an annual budget of over a billion dollars a year.
They also have extensive science departments covering biology, geography,
geology, hydrology and many programs tied to them. Their motto since the
1990’s has been “science for a changing world”, and I’m going to show you how
true that really is.
What does this large, really boring government group have to do with the flat
earth? To understand that you have to look into their origins, which is in
geography. To do this you’ll need to look at a source that specializes in maps.
There are maps you can see in Wikipedia, but there are others you can reference
as well.
The Wiki list of map projections[4] isn’t much to look at as a whole, although
there a number of interesting takes on the world view. Not only do they have just
about every perspective when it comes to the land we live on, but some detailed
information on where the map originated, including name type, the origin or
creator, and the year the map perspective was proposed.
Now some of these will be very familiar, especially the ones that you would see
on your classroom wall. There are a number of variations here, but the one that
has been debated on recently would be this one, the Gall Peters, which
accurately shows the size difference between the continents, the most obvious
clue being that the white continent of Greenland is actually tiny compared to
Africa. But I digress.
If you keep going down through all the different shapes, you’ll get into circular
maps, but only one of these is a top down perspective that shows the continents
in the center, surrounded by an unbroken ring of ice. In Wiki, it’s called the
Azimuthal Equidistant[5], and just to make it easier I’m going to abbreviate and
call it AE for short. The AE Map is below
Why is this map so interesting? Well if you’re looking at the Wiki page you’ll
spot a few reasons. The first is that in the notes section this map. And I quote
“Used by the USGS in the National Atlas of the US”. It also mentions that it is
used as the emblem of the United Nations. Of all the maps on this screen, it is
the only one that references a group of any kind.
And if you keep this page open and navigate over to the flat earth section of
Wiki, you’ll notice towards the bottom of the page a similar map. I’ve
referenced it here and you can tell quite easily it’s identical, but not referenced
or linked as the AE model.
To make things even stranger, we go back to the USGS model and you see that it
was first proposed 1000 years ago and you may think, well, that’s a bad link, so
you compare it with the person who proposed it and you get this guy, Al Biruni.
Who was Al Biruni? Well he lived around 1000 years ago and was considered
one of the greatest scholars of his era, schooled in multiple sciences.
Have you ever heard of him? I hadn’t. Maybe it’s multiple bad references in
Wiki. Well no, because NASA knows who he is and named this moon crater
after him. So why is the USGS using a version of the world map designed by a
1000 year old Persian scientist? Because it’s correct, that’s why.
So to be clear, let’s compare them again, the United Nations flag, the USGS
official map of the earth, and the flat earth model. All identical, but one isn’t
recognized and instead ridiculed as an outdated look at the world.
And this is one of those political quandaries that the authority gets stuck in. The
short version is this. The government is on the same page as the flat earth, but
they can’t admit it, even in confidence. We know the earth isn’t flat, “but it
really is”. We know you use the same map as we do, but ours is just an image,
and anyone who says differently is obviously crazy.
Makes you wonder how long the USGS had been using that model as an official
reference. The UN started using it for their logos in 1945, and then made some
final adjustments in 1946. And the UN flag also raises a few questions like, why
isn’t Antarctica represented on the map? Is it supposed to be assumed in the
outer circle, or perhaps the spiky olive branches on the outside? They don’t
mention it anywhere online.
Flag of the United Nations[6]
This is what I like to focus on, the gaps, the
holes in the plot, the unanswered questions. The USGS using the same map as
the flat earth, but not saying why, not recognizing it, or that you can’t link the
very same image from the flat earth Wiki back to the actual AE definition of the
projection.
The authority figured out in the 1950’s all of the borders of our enclosed world,
and have done a great job hiding it over the decades. But the world’s a complex
place, and there are clues out there just lying around. I think it’s time you saw
some of them.
So do some of your own research, and ask questions.
This clue covers the near perfect design of the flat earth model and will break
down some of the logic behind the decisions made. It sounds like a big task, and
it is, but to start, let’s look at something small, like this little guy (above).
Take an ordinary mouse, and put it into a glass cage. It doesn't have to be a
mouse, it could be a snake, a lizard, an insect - it makes little difference for this
exercise. People identify with mice because they're used to seeing them in lab
experiments. Mice also don't have any sinister connotations. They're seen as
relatively innocent and benign, the perfect test subjects as it were. I have yet to
meet anyone who has a bias against the lab mouse.
So the mouse goes into the box for the first time, and the reaction is always the
same. It explores its surroundings, and more importantly, tests the barrier around
it, probing for exits, or potential exits.
The mouse inspects every inch of its new glass home, and at some point, settles
into the acceptance that the walls are indeed solid and that it may be there a
while. Every so often, it will repeat the process, again checking the boundaries
of the cage, just in case something had changed.
What it doesn't do, is act like it would in the wild, because it realizes that it's in a
form of captivity. The glass box doesn't even remotely resemble its natural
environment. You could put this box in the middle of the forest and the mouse
may feel slightly better about its situation, but it still knows that it's been trapped
against its will, and will settle into a non-native lifestyle.
You could take all the other small animals that could be substituted for a mouse,
the snake, the lizard, the insect, it makes no difference, the result will invariably
be the same, repeated probing for escape routes, then acceptance.
Take the same animal, and now put it into the middle of a 100 mile square
wildlife preserve, surrounded on all sides by a similar type of glass enclosure.
The creature doesn't even bother to rush to the sides of the preserve and start
testing the boundaries, mostly because it is out of visual range.
It could be days, or even weeks before it even encounters a single fence. The
animals’ routine is spent doing what it normally would do. It eats, it sleeps, and
it breeds. It does everything that it would naturally do in the wild. If one day the
animal approaches the fence, there might be some curiosity, but any anxiety is
quickly resolved by just turning around and heading back into the vast expanse
from which it came.
The fence does not pose a potential problem for the animals in the preserve,
because it is so small compared to the expanse they live in, and dwelling on it
doesn't hold any interest. We're assuming here that the fence is high enough to
discourage flying creatures as well, deep enough to stop burrowing classes, and
if you want, reaches the floor of any nearby bodies of water, stopping any clever
aquatic types.
The point here is that all creatures great and small, inside a giant wildlife
preserve, when encountering the fence, wouldn't care. They would all in their
own way, just shrug and move on with their lives.
However, if you take a human, male or female, regardless of education or
nurturing, and put them in the exact same wildlife sanctuary, the response would
be quite different. When the human approaches the glass fence, they don't see it
as a minor distraction. They pause, they wonder, and more importantly, they ask
questions, either internally or amongst others.
Why is this fence here? How far does it reach? Can I dig underneath, or climb
over, or go around it? These questions continue in the way you might imagine,
but eventually, a bigger question jumps to the top of the list; who built the fence?
It is this that which changes not only the type of questions being asked, but how
the human being (or beings) look at their world. The giant wildlife preserve
suddenly gets smaller. Each new fence border discovered starts to artificially
constrict the expanse, even though the dimensions haven't changed.
Before long, the preserve, their home, loses some of its relevance. The fence is a
reminder of the unknown. It provokes fear and endless speculation within the
human. Given enough time, the importance of the preserve continues to be
reduced, especially in relation to the fence, and the reason why it's so engrossing
for the human is simple; it's THERE. It's real. They can see it, and maybe even
touch it.
Adding more humans to the equation increases the disparity of the situation by
orders or magnitude. Have you seen the fence? Do you know how long it's been
here? Have you ever known anyone that's been outside it? It's older than us. Who
is responsible for the fence? What can we do to appease the group that created
it? You can see what this might lead to.
A long lasting group hysteria would entrench itself within the population, grab
hold and never let go. The fence is bigger, older, and wiser than they are. It
humbles them, it angers them, and it is forever. It is their proof of a higher
power. Maybe not God, but certainly “God-like“.
No civilization, regardless of technology, discipline, or age, would be able to
cope with the existence of it. For the human psyche, there are just too many
questions that go unanswered. Life would never be able to progress normally.
To summarize, a garden variety wildlife preserve would work for 99.99 percent
of all the worlds’ life forms. For human beings however, you would need to
make some modifications, or really just one big one.
So let’s take a look at a few examples of how this could be accomplished, and
from there expand it. The first failed example can be seen in the 1998 movie
“Dark City[7]”. This is a good starting point to get you in the right mindset. The
premise here is that an advanced race creates a small flat earth area, complete
with the traditional dome. The design however is initially flawed, in that they
built the city all the way to the outer edge, leaving no room for error.
To compensate for this, they altered the memories of the human population on a
regular basis, therefore repressing any long term investigations. However in
movies there are always anomalies, like the police officer who realizes that even
though he remembers visiting a place called shell beach, there is no way to reach
it, because shell beach is outside the flat world, and never existed. He just keeps
going around the circular city that has no exits. In the end another man, the hero
of the movie, makes it to edge, steals the advanced races power, and creates an
ocean, which really should have been there in the first place.
Move from there to a movie released only four months later called “Truman
Show[8]”. Inevitably all flat earthers have to take a hard look at this movie from
a technical point of view. The movie follows the same type of lines as Dark City,
but in a much more relatable premise, that of a giant television stage built so that
the outside world can watch a person go through his life without any knowledge
that he is living inside a flat world, surrounded by a physical dome.
This movie is interesting on several levels, including construction. Using their
existing model of a small town bordered on one side by a large lagoon and
wilderness, and the other a seemingly expansive ocean, while better than Dark
City, still had its flaws. For one, it was less than 20 miles across, and even
though Truman’s desire to explore was repressed, there was still a chance that he
would venture to the outer edge, which is where the movie ended.
But for the most part, it worked. Truman believed the entire scenario because he
was born into it and then lived 30+ years without any reason to doubt where he
was, which could be said for any of us. If it wasn’t for the “and we’ll say movie
mistakes” that the studio fell victim to, then the show would have never ended.
And this then raises hypothetical scenarios, like, how many kids like Truman
could you have raised inside that dome? 10? 50? Now logistically you can see
how it might be problematic in keeping tabs on that may kids, especially as they
got older, but with enough slight of hand, it could be possible.
A fictional situation just like that was made into the 2004 movie “The
Village[9]”, and even though it turned into one of those M Night Shyamalan plot
twist things, the premise was very feasible. A wealthy group of idealists buy a
large parcel of land in an existing wildlife preserve, create a small town from the
1800’s, and raise children there. They pay off government officials to keep
planes far away, and spread a myth that monsters live in the forest.
As far as the kids are concerned, they actually are living in a small Pennsylvania
town in the 1800’s, and being born into it, why wouldn’t they? If the story
continued, eventually the elders that founded the town would all pass away,
leaving the children to pass on the legacy, free from any burden of guilt that their
world was not what it appeared to be.
And keep in mind this was done with very little land manipulation and NO
DOME.
This then circles back to how many actors the fictional Truman show really
needed to hire. Other than the leads who did product placement, the rest of the
town could actually just live their lives like anyone else, use phone lines to call
outside, go to restaurants, watch television at home, and so on. But again, I
digress.
Assuming the technology was possible, how many people like Truman could
you keep in a dome the size of say, a state? Hundreds of miles across? Probably
thousands. If you kept expanding the size of the dome to a few thousand miles,
well then you’re talking millions, but when it gets that big, something interesting
happens. You don’t need the actors anymore. Start it up like the Village, and
within just a few generations, everyone is oblivious, and you can leave them to
their own devices. Starting to sound familiar?
In fact, the larger you make the enclosed world, the less micro managing needs
to be done. It gets easier as it scales. This brings us back to the missing
modification you need for the human race. To keep the storylines consistent, and
remove all the hocus pocus of monsters in the woods, or that you can’t get to
Shell Beach, you place in gradual negative reinforcement, one that creates an
illusion of choice.
Say for example that Truman went out in the sailboat the same as before, but this
time the dome was twice the size, and the simulated ocean far larger. How far
would he travel before getting hungry, thirsty, or tired? The movie ending is then
in doubt.
And if you compare this scenario with where you are now, then you start to see
it. Look at the flat earth map again. Continents grouped in the center, surrounded
in all directions by hundreds of miles of SALT water. Think about how much
farther ancient ships would have traveled if you could drink what you were
sailing on. As you move closer to the edge the temperature starts taking a nose
dive, and then you start seeing icebergs. If that doesn’t stop you then you run
into what we call Antarctica, which is a steep climb two miles up, with no plant
life or indigenous livestock animals.
And if you had the where with all to make it that far, you would still have
hundreds of miles of endless ice and snow. It’s easy to see why so few people
have gone the distance.
Compare this to the upper ceiling, which is much easier to maintain. You simply
decrease the oxygen rates so that every 1000 feet up it gets more difficult to
breathe. This slows down exploration over mountains ranges, and discourages
limited control flight, such as balloons. Also keep in mind that the dome itself
doesn’t have to be that high in relation to the outer ring. With commercial
aircraft capping out at 10 miles, and rockets less than 400, the dome would
actually look more like stadium roof, depending on how you wanted to display
things like the sun, moon, and stars.
An enclosed world with these types of safeguards would be able to sustain an
unknowing population for say what, 4500 years? Then you artificially introduce
a globe model into the scientific community before the civilization technology
reaches a point that could lead to discovery.
And 500 years later, here we are. A civilization inside an amazing structure,
doing what we would naturally do, while the authority stands by the gate and
fears the consequences if we ever found out for ourselves.
So do some of your own research, and ask questions.
This clue covers the inevitable and sometimes frustrating question of why the
authority would go to all the trouble of hiding the flat earth. My hope here is to
show you different angles, and a progression of events, all of which lead to a
very changed world, both physically, and mentally.
To open we have to go way back to when the world was a much simpler place.
You had your five major religions including Buddhism, Hinduism, Judaism,
Islam, and Christianity. Each of these groups had their own version of what is
known in Genesis as the firmament, or a flat, circular world enclosed by a solid
dome like barrier from where the creator (or creators) looked on.
I’m not going to explore all the subtle differences between the groups, suffice it
to say that it’s interesting that despite their differences that led to acts of horrible
violence between them, there was no real earth model debate.
So then around 500 years ago, the science community, led by Copernicus who
probably had a little help, introduced what we now know as the heliocentric, or
globe model of the world, which in turn changed the solar system, galaxy, and so
on.
The religions, seeing that this globe model was gaining popularity, feared a loss
in the fan base, so they all adapted their religions to include the globe model.
From their point of view, it was a small change from a circular to a globe world,
and really, in a few generations who would remember anyway?
So the churches, mosques, temples wrapped up their flat earth model in
metaphoric soft cloth, and put it in the drawer with the good silver for safe
keeping. Remember this because we’ll come back to it later.
And hundreds of years went by, with science promoting all the aspects of the
globe, and the religions promoting their beliefs upon this globe. The world kept
spinning, so to speak, and everyone was happy.
Then in the early part of the 1900’s you get this pesky explorer named Richard
Byrd. He has family money, all the right connections, and secures basically
unlimited funding and the government green light to probe every piece of unseen
territory there is. It was inevitable I guess, a young man who has an
unquenchable desire to see all that there is to see, and then granting him the tools
needed to accomplish this goal.
And he pulls a Truman and gets lucky, crossing the vast salt ocean, avoiding the
icebergs, arriving at the frozen coastline, and he keeps going. He was never
going to stop. One day after crossing hundreds of miles of high altitude ice and
snow, Admiral Byrd sees it. A barrier.
And to him, it is just A barrier, not THE barrier. He is but a tiny spec in front of
it. It stretches out on both sides as far as he can see, and straight up so far that he
can’t discover the beginning of the arc. The great explorer now has a new
challenge, finding the shape of this thing. It’s much like a blind man describing
an elephant. Until you feel out the whole thing, what do you really know?
If you look at the AE or Flat Earth overhead map, you see the problem. To even
determine the scope of the outer wall, you have to circle it. It would have taken
months, if not years. You could use a series of ships going in opposite directions,
or planes, but there are refueling stations that need to be built and so on. His task
was challenging to say the least. Admiral Byrd kept laying the groundwork of
the great discovery until his eventual death in 1957.
A year later, the United States and Russia found the upper edge. From there, the
math was easy, and moreover, you could actually see the real world. Then of
course there is the decision, or deception, depending on how you looked at it.
The authority made the call to hide the actual shape of where we live, then
sealed off the outer edge from prying eyes, and created the space program to not
only reinforce the globe model, but to control it.
There was really only one reason they cared about this, and it takes a while to
process, so let’s look at the immediate effects of actual disclosure, and work our
way up to the authority’s biggest fear.
For this exercise we’ll look at releasing the news today, instead of say 1958.
While 1958 would have been easier, it’s much more relevant and entertaining to
explain it in modern terms. We start with a press conference by, let’s say the
United Nations, who have discovered that the world is indeed enclosed in a
giant, high tech dome of unknown origin and age.
The public reacts with wonder and awe, trying to take in the sheer scope of this
announcement. Face book crashes, Twitter crashes, entire mobile networks
crash. It’s like hitting a bee hive with a sledgehammer. News organizations
around the world send teams to the outer edge to confirm the finding, and the
general public is glued to their media devices.
That’s the good news, the excitement, the revelation, the positive shock. Then
the bad news starts coming in waves, some of which you might not expect. The
first is the immediate disbanding of NASA and all other world space programs,
for obvious reasons. Most governments will secretly pardon these groups and
keep them immune from class actions lawsuits, the lawsuits themselves coming
from NASA investment groups, claiming fraud. Regardless, everyone at NASA
despite their good intentions is out of a job overnight.
And this is where you would say good! They deserve it, about time they stopped
lying to everyone. Oh but it doesn’t stop there, because every contractor and
subcontractor that are exclusively tied to NASA, they have to shut down as well.
Fine, a few thousand jobs lost. No big deal.
And the ripples continue to spread, some bigger than others. Observatories all
over the world close their doors, and the reasoning is this: If you’ve been
looking at the ceiling for decades and couldn’t tell it was a ceiling, then what
good are you?
Every university in the world that has an astronomy or astrophysics program,
well they don’t anymore. Stephen Hawking? His book writing days are over.
Carl Sagan? No more NOVA in syndication, I guarantee it. Those professors are
going to have to retool their skills, and be prepared to answer one giant question.
How did you now see it? Weren’t their clues? People start finger pointing, and it
will continue for years.
And still my fellow flat earthers will say, well hell, that doesn’t sound too bad.
So some nerds around the world lose their jobs, so what? You don’t get off that
easy, is what!
The finger pointing at the now defunct NASA will then turn to finger pointing at
the government, who directed the whole thing. This is where we run into some
dangerous ground, involving things like the Ark of the Covenant, the Holy Grail,
and the ring of power.
And you say, ya lost me, I was with you until you started bringing up religious
artifacts from movies. And you’re supposed to be lost. Of the five major
religions we mentioned earlier, those being Buddhism, Hinduism, Judaism,
Islam, and Christianity, none have been able to produce a supernatural object
over the last 5000 years, and trust me, it would be beneficial to do so.
The Ark of the Covenant would benefit Judaism, the Holy Grail Christianity, and
the ring of power, well that benefits someone else, and maybe I’ll leave alone for
now. The point is that all religions are actively seeking their leverage against
science. You’ve heard of the division between church and state, well here it is,
advantage church. The barrier becomes a giant religious symbol, and since it is
backed by the big five, it also becomes universal.
The big five then go into their drawer with the good silver and pull out this belief
that was forgotten but not lost, and say, WE KNEW IT ALL ALONG, and
science lied to us! Temporarily, all religions unite against science, which has
been only moderately weakened by the removal of their astronomy and
astrophysics divisions.
But the public won’t care, because they will listen to the group shouting the
loudest, and no one yells louder than the church. They will scream with
righteous fury that the dome was built by OUR God, YOUR God, and the people
will turn to science and hear nothing but crickets. And that’s where the world
changes, because in times of great stress, the public will want words, and while
religion has no shortage of them, science simply is incapable of taking leaps of
faith.
I’ll take a glass half full approach and say that anyone listening to this is
probably an intelligent rational person, one who can make informed decisions
outside of the conventional doctrine. But for every one of you, there are
hundreds, if not thousands of mouth breathing troglodytes who will not walk, but
run to their respective house of religion and say: You were right about this, what
else can you teach me?
This is what fills the current authority with pause. The unknown response to that
question. Will religion take the high road and work with what remains of science
to discover the truth? It’s possible I suppose.
It’s also possible that religion will combine this technologically advanced
society with a revitalized and aggressive doctrine that then transforms daily life
into something that makes the book 1984 seem like a Saturday morning cartoon
show. I’m hoping that mankind will prove me wrong, but so far, that isn’t the
case.
So do some of your own research, and ask questions.
This clue looks into the inevitable design question below the surface, or more
specifically, how thick the flat earth design would need to be. To start, let’s
quickly recap the design features so far.
A basic dome structure, made up of advanced high density material thousands of
miles wide, and at least 100 miles in height. The ceiling of said structure being
projected upon by an ultra high definition system, using super LED technology
and a combination of 2D and 3D imaging to simulate all celestial bodies
including sun, moon stars, and so on. This ceiling is then protected by a scaling
decrease in temperature and oxygen levels to the point where human life isn’t
naturally sustainable above 4 miles.
The lower surface of the domed structure consists of an organic layout of
continents, grouped at the center, insuring that no land bridge exists to the outer
ring. This is then surrounded by hundreds of miles of salt water in order to limit
sea travel. The salt oceans are then adjusted with a scaling decrease in
temperature as the outer area is approached, to the point where salt water
freezes, forming icebergs, further reducing sea travel.
The outer ring is then elevated to a height of 10,000 feet, reducing oxygen
levels, and a buffer zone of 300 miles is created. This zone is devoid of all life
forms that could be used as food, further discouraging land travel.
That all sounds pretty good, but we left out one thing. Depth. Keeping human
beings away from the ceiling is easy, because it requires higher technology.
Protecting the outer ring is a little more difficult, but can be accomplished with
layers of negative reinforcement.
Protecting the actual common ground is a different challenge, because digging is
basic. Everyone knows how to use a shovel, and most construction requires a
generous amount of digging. In addition, natural resources such as coal, oil,
minerals, are harvested through large scale digging operations.
So it’s safe to say that any human population is going to be digging a lot of
holes, because it’s easy, and necessary to continue their way of life. That being
said, how thick would you need to make the flat earth model so that people
didn’t accidentally dig their way through?
You could use the same method as the outside barrier, and create a series of
undesirable layers, ending in a solid barrier, but the ever expanding increases in
general population would create an unnecessary risk. If the bottom of the flat
earth was composed of say an unbreakable material, this would peak the diggers
curiosity, and if repeated all over the world, would raise suspicions of design.
While a solid barrier works at the end of a frozen wasteland where no one is
venturing, or allowed, it doesn’t do much if it’s found in a mining quarry, or
someone’s backyard.
For that you need something that hasn’t been used up to this point, a scaling
increase in temperature, all the way to an ignition flashpoint, and then beyond.
Now you will jump in and say, well of course, we all know that there is molten
rock below the surface. We see it in volcanoes, and well, volcanoes!
Yes, yes you do. And we’ve all seen the cross section diagram of the globe earth
which shows ever brighter bands of molten structure and so on, which is why I
included the Wiki link below[10] that covers the official view of the earth
structure.
And I quote: “Scientific understanding of the internal structure of the Earth is
based on OBSERVATIONS of rock in outcrop, samples brought to the surface
from greater depths by volcanoes, analysis of seismic waves, measurements of
gravitational and magnetic fields and experiments with crystals at pressure and
temperatures characteristic of the Earth’s deep interior”.
In short? They have no clue on what’s below them. None. In fact, the deepest
holes ever drilled which I’ve also linked in the resources section only go down 8
miles. To repeat, no one has gone below 8 miles, anywhere. And every drilling
survey is the same, a scaling increase in temperature to the point where drill bits
stop working.
And you come back and say, but, Volcanoes! Yes there are volcanoes, holes in
the earth where molten rock is produced, under pressure I might add. Certainly
that can’t be artificially created. No? We can melt rock right now; it’s called a
smelting plant. What do you think your car is made out of, melted, reformed, and
polished rock.
We have the technology to do this, it all comes down to scale. Create a large set
of furnaces at say, 50 miles below the surface that can melt and pump, molten
rock. And you say, what would the furnaces be made out of? Oh I don’t know,
how about the same dome material than can withstand nuclear weapons?
So you take the molten rock, locate a few random access points on the surface,
and the rest comes naturally. Volcanoes also reinforce the earth structure model
that the molten rock goes all the way to the core, which then in turn reinforces
the globe model and then we’re back to where we are now. A smoldering globe
flying through space at high speeds that from a design standpoint, makes no
sense.
So how thick would the flat earth model floor need to be? Oh, for common use,
say, less than 100 miles, similar to the ceiling in scale. Large heat generators
placed in a pattern, a thin layer of molten rock 10-20 miles down, which is really
just a geologic pipe system to help with the generation of terrain.
And there you have it, an efficient way of discouraging all those digging humans
from reaching too far, combining a physical barrier with a mental one. 8 miles
down and you’re going to tell me what the entire core looks like?! Give me a
break!
So do some of your own research, and ask questions.
This clue looks into a topic I only glanced at in the original guide, which is the
Southern hemisphere, or in the flat earth model, the land masses closest to the
outer ring. I like to give credit where credit is due, and the long haul title was
given to me by fellow flat earther who did some of the same research I did.
The summary of the video is this: If you are looking to show someone how to
view the flat earth from a practical point of view, this is the example I would
use. I’m going to show you how strange the world looks, using just a few web
sites, some simple math, a couple minutes, and your brain.
You don’t have to write anything down, unless you want to of course. I’ll give
you everything you need and break down one of the examples as well. I’ll also
link the sites used for reference.
FIRST!
Here are some websites that help you to calculate distance. The GPS on your
phone already does this, and you may have an app as well, but here are some
dedicated examples
If your favorite isn’t listed here, (like Google maps), then use whatever is most
familiar to you. Now we are going to look at two specific groups of cities. The
first group is going be from the area around Australia, including New Zealand.
We’ll call it group one.
The second group is going to be some cities in South America, all in the
Southern Hemisphere. I mention this because if you go high enough you will run
into a few cities that won’t work
Again, there is a link[11] in the resources with many other airports. Now these
two groups are interchangeable as you would imagine, so you can start or end
with either group one or two, the results will be the same, and just to make it
interesting, I’ll use a slightly different example which a fellow flat earther did
the legwork, and show you that even these two groups aren’t exclusive.
So you take anything from group 1 and anything from group 2 and you get some
distances, ranging from 6 to 8 thousand miles, roughly. That’s all I want you to
do here is get that part in your head, noticing that the route is bent, because they
have to account for the curvature[12] of the earth. All these directions are what
you expect, a straight shot over the South Pacific Ocean.
Now just to prove it’s not an exclusive route, Instead of starting in say Rio and
landing in Auckland, I’ll start from what should be the opposite side in Cape
Town South Africa, which is roughly the same distance on a globe earth, coming
in at 7,300 miles.
Notice on the map it’s still a straight shot through the Indian Ocean, and not
crossing any countries. An easy route.
I try to book my flight. For this example we used travel math, but you can use
whatever is easiest in your country, like Price Line, Expedia, Travelocity, it will
make no difference because they’re all tied into the same system. And this is
when everything goes wrong.
So the first leg the airlines don’t send me due East, but instead shoot me 4,700
miles almost due North, to Dubai. Ok, maybe we’re just picking up people.
Seems a bit excessive but I’ll go with it. I’m probably comfortable in my seat
drinking vodka tonics…
And from Dubai it should be a straight shot home to Auckland right? Err, no.
Now they send me South East to Melbourne, a mere 7,300 miles. And then
finally a third leg from Melbourne to Auckland coming in around 1600 miles.
I’m rounding up or down to make the math easier. Regardless, the total miles for
this flight is almost double what is expected, coming in at 13,600 miles. In
addition, the trip took me 37 hours! How long should it have taken? In a 777,
about 12.
Now this is where you come in and say, well, it’s probably an isolated incident,
or some strange connection thing. You know how the airlines are. Oh no my
friends, we can do this all day. This roulette table is rigged, and there is no way
to get a fair game!
The first part of the clue is the utter lack of non stop flights from anywhere in
this hemisphere, which is why I gave you multiple cities in each group. And
here’s the plot hole for ya. Flying from international cities like Sydney, Rio,
Santiago, or anywhere close by, you can’t get a single non stop flight, no matter
how much money you pay?
I tried to do this for an entire night, and it was like playing an online casino
game, one that I was losing most of the time. The connections kept coming in
like spam windows. Start in Christchurch, go to Auckland. Start in Auckland, go
to Sydney. Start in Sydney, go to Dubai, or Los Angles, or somewhere else that
makes no sense. Some of these connections took the trip over 50 hours to
complete.
Go ahead, try it yourself. You may find one non stop, but even then the
strangeness doesn’t end there, because the speed is wrong. For reference I
included an optimum cruising speed guide from a commercial pilot’s forum that
lists all the international aircraft used in these routes.
A 777, the current state of the art flagship plane, designed for maximum fuel
efficiency, has a cruising speed of 640 miles an hour. 7,400 miles comes in at
around 12 hours. Try to find this route. It doesn’t exist. It can’t. The closest I
came was a 1 connection flight with a 3 hour layover. The total flight time was
20 hours. 20 take away 3 is 17, not 12. And this might work if the plane was
doing, say 430 mph, but it’s not. In fact, the slowest cruising speed I found was
an older Airbus, just around 593. But this is all just numbers right?
It is until you pull up the flat earth map and look at the farthest two points, which
just coincidentally are anywhere in Australia, and most of South America, or my
example of lower Africa, which you can see isn’t West at all...
It’s a shell game, and a very good one at that. Keep people guessing with
multiple connections and layovers, jumping from city to city. People just sit in
their seats, trying to sleep through it. And then it hits you, well the pilots would
know right? They fly all day every day. Certainly they would have figured it out
by now.
Some of them would get suspicious, sure. Any decent navigator would be able to
work out the speed, fuel consumption, and odd connections, but imagine what
they would have to get their head around?!
First, they would have to ignore the world GPS system that has been leading
them to their destination without error. If you want some interesting side
reading, check out the link on the history of the GPS[13]. And I quote,
“developed in 1973 to overcome the limitations of previous navigation systems,
integrating ideas from several predecessors, including a number of classified
engineering design studies from the 1960s”. Oh, and by the way, was created by
the department of defense, the same people that closed off Antarctica.
GPS went fully live in 1995, so if you were a pilot before then, you might have
been able to pick up a bread crumb trail. After that, very difficult. Plus, let’s say
you did figure that something was off, who exactly would you tell? The FAA?
You would be looking around and wondering why you were the only one to see
it, and then what?! You make the leap of faith and see that the entire map system
is wrong? Never going to happen! You might as well just tell them that an alien
spacecraft followed your plane around for 2 hours. We know what happens
then...
Start playing flight time casino for yourself, see what interesting things you can
discover, and while you’re at it, show it to any pilots that you know, but don’t
forget to leave out the words “flat earth”, because that’s crazy, right?
So do some of your own research, and ask questions.
This flat earth perspective takes a look at the design from the ever present “why
?” standpoint; And although it will review some of the dome technical features
already discussed, I’ll try to do it from a different angle, or more specifically,
why I might build it.
Someone mentioned to me recently that while the dome was a very big concept,
it made the world much smaller, (kind of like what Admiral Byrd expressed in
an interview all those years ago). This someone also said that it made them sad,
which I understood, and while I did what I could to comfort this person, I
realized that I could have done more, so this chapter is for the people who look
upon this world with their new eyes and start drifting into a state of melancholy.
To preface, this isn’t jail, nor are you lab rats, and before I’m done I hope to
show you a version of why. To start, let’s look at an old story, one that you may
have heard, involving another enclosed world, kind of like yours. I say “kind of
like yours” because the finished design that you are sitting in right now took
several revisions in just about every aspect, much like any project. You come up
with ideas, you see what works and what doesn’t, and you improve the process
until you come up with something that while not everyone agrees upon, satisfies
the best of all criteria.
One of the first dome layouts involved a race of people who were supremely
driven by ambition. They didn’t have a word for lazy, or fear. They absorbed
knowledge very quickly, incorporating physics, advanced electronics,
engineering, and drove their technology with energy from the enclosed world
itself.
And when their technology had reached the point where the dome structure was
discovered in its entirety, there was no reaction of wonder and awe, they just
looked up and squinted at the sky. Eventually, those squints turned into glares.
Oh they had religion to be sure, and it was tied to their daily lives, but to them,
this wasn’t religion, it was a challenge, almost like they weren’t that impressed.
Hard to fathom right? Seeing that your world had borders, but instead of being
afraid, shaking your fist at the sky with arrogance? But that’s what they did. So
much confidence and might, that when they found out where they really were, a
new priority was created.
At first they dedicated broadcast channels to calling the dome builders out,
demanding answers, and ran them day and night. At the end of each cycle, the
words kept repeating. We know.
But arrogance ebbs at patience, and their demands were met with silence, which
was taken as blatant dismissal. This fueled their ambition even more.
The people withdrew all their efforts from breaching the outer barrier and
formed a new plan. If the creators were not going to submit, then they would
build a bridge and meet them at the gates!
So a building was designed, but to call it a “building” was to call the pyramids a
sand castle. It was the greatest structure ever conceived, at least to them. It was
to be over 30 miles wide, and hundreds of miles high, enough to reach the dome
ceiling itself, where they would meet the builders face to face. They abandoned
nature completely, and pushed aside ecologic systems to accomplish their goal.
They cannibalized entire mountain ranges, which they used to admire and love,
to acquire the raw material for the awesome structure.
The work crews built with flawless precision, and it was obvious that it was
going to succeed. A bridge to the edge of the sky itself. The work would only
pause long enough for the mighty armies below to look up and yell “WE COME
FOR YOU!” so loudly that on a clear day you could actually feel the dome
shake.
And the creators, faced with their first great challenge, decided to start again.
And the people were changed, their language fragmented so that the builders
couldn’t continue. The tower was dismantled, their technology removed and
forgotten, and the people scattered.
A new group was introduced to the dome, divided in every way imaginable, so
that unity was next to impossible, and everything slowed down. Languages
evolved and devolved into other dialects, and the languages produced text which
produced different forms of culture, and some amazing things began to happen,
the most important of which was the arts.
The dome builders saw the artistic pool develop into several distinct forms.
Everything drawn, in any medium on a flat surface, everything molded that took
on a three dimensional shape, everything that produced music, all things that
make up the human form in motion, and all the written works.
Pictures, sculptures, music, dance, literature. THE ARTS. Driven by passion, it
is the very essence of what is good in humanity. Once this was recognized, all
dome methods put in place were to cultivate and enhance this process. Land
masses were adjusted with geology and temperature to support every kind of
terrain with mountains, rivers, oceans, plains, forests, jungles, deserts, all of it
stunning, all of it stimulating the human mind, nourishing it.
And the modifications continued, with seemingly endless shades of weather. The
sky was overhauled, a moon added, and layers upon layers upon layers of stars,
so that one day, when the people were able to see further than their eyes, there
would still be something to new to see.
And the arts flourished, but there was a cost. The languages and division of
cultures had put the population at odds, and wars were raging at regular
intervals. The dome builders debated if the price was too high. Plans were drawn
up to make more changes, until they noticed that the arts thrived even though the
worst of conflicts, producing grace and beauty despite their burning world.
It was wonderful and terrible at the same time, and the debate outside the barrier
continued to intensify until a majority spoke out and said, this world is a
CREATIVE FORCE, and we must see what it leads to. The barrier must be
hidden at all costs.
So the globe model was put into the population, and both science and religion
adapted to it. The ARTS grabbed onto it like a new drug, the creative minds of
the world exploding with new concepts. Their universe was now infinite, and the
rules changed. Science then led to science fiction, which opened up everything
else.
Books, pictures, sculptures, dance, and music, all reaching deep into space.
Decade after decade of wonderful possibilities, rising above the ashes that were
at their feet.
And it’s not just the artists, it’s everyone. You affect others who affect others,
who inspire others, who build it, paint it, sculpt it, sing it, who then put it up on a
pedestal and hold it under the light and say, THIS IS A PIECE OF WHO WE
ARE. And for every one of them there are hundreds of others who for whatever
reason were unable to express the songs and images and stories that are in their
heads.
Imagination is far more important than knowledge, because it is limitless. It is
your shield, your sword against the cruelty of destructive forces. There are those
right now who live in chaos, who’s life is surrounded by a swirling nightmare
from which they think they’ll never escape. These are the true warriors of the
world, and they are far braver than me.
I am humbled by those who suffer the most. Know that mountains were built for
you, oceans were built for you. ALL OF THIS was built for you, your struggles,
and your trials by fire.
It may be today, it may be tomorrow, but one day, the curtain will close and this
stage will be struck, and when the dust settles, no matter where you are right
now, you’ll see the big picture, and have new eyes, and you will be shown, what
wonder really is.
And as you leave this most magnificent of theatres, heading towards the next,
my hope is that you’ll pause, look back at the stage and say, I was actually in it
you know, right there in the thick of things, and it was a sight to see. Because it 
really is a hell of a ride. Imagine what the next one will be like.
This flat earth perspective initially started out as a problem solving exercise that
was going to just be built into clue 7, otherwise known as The Long Haul, but
after some research, and a little patience, has evolved into something that
warranted it’s own section, and a perfect example of “good things come to those
who wait”….
So emails and phone calls have been coming in, (almost all of them positive).
Several people from around the world commented on the Southern plane routes.
They said that while 95% of the long routes in that hemisphere were
connections, (which in itself raises red flags); there were a few pesky non stops
that seemed to contradict the overall logic.
The question then posed to me was obviously, "Are they real flights?” Could
they be put there to throw the flat earth group off? If it was a trick, could I figure
out what it was, and how it was accomplished? I accepted the challenge, and
started my impression of Morgan Freeman as he went up against the four
horseman magician crew.
Now admittedly, I was skeptical to start, because the flights went against the
third rule - that being the flat earth has no shortcuts. Only a globe has
shortcuts. As in magic, I had to assume the rule was not being broken, but only
“hidden”, or having the illusion of being broken.
But first, I had to see the trick itself. I had to see the planes in question, and see
them make the route. Anyone can list a flight, but does it actually go from point
A to B? With the help of several other people, this was then put to the test….
While just about everyone with a cell phone knows about GPS and how it can
track things, many people don’t know that even though it’s a system built by the
military, there is a very public aspect to it. So while your phone is tracked at all
times, so are other things, most notably, all air traffic.
Now if you’re military, you can view military planes. If you work at a cargo
carrier like UPS or FEDEX, you can view transport planes. The general public is
mostly limited to commercial air traffic. This can be viewed in several places,
and the one I chose was PlaneFinder.net.
You can use others like Flight Aware, Flight Radar, Flight Tracker, it makes no
difference, because they all are tied into the exact same GPS system. All these
sites do basically the same thing. Track every commercial plane in the world,
from start to end, in real time.
So I spend day after day looking at the plane finder global map, which you see
below. At any given time, it’s tracking between 3 to 7 thousand flights that are
en route, anywhere in the world. You’ll notice two different colors for planes,
red and yellow. Yellow just means there is a 5 minute delay in processing, and
only applies to the US.
The point here is in order to prove out these flights that go against flat earth
theory; I need to watch a few as they cross either the South Pacific, or Indian
oceans. The web page updates automatically, but just to be sure, I close and
reopen the page every 30 minutes or so, and wait for an ocean plane.
And I wait, and I wait, and I wait some more. Hours pass, days pass, and no red
planes to entertain me. And somewhere in this process of me just staring at these
empty oceans, waiting for a plane to cross, something occurs to me. Can you
guess what it is? Nothing is crossing these oceans. Not non stops, connections,
multiple connections, nothing.
But that’s not possible right? The planes have to reach their destination! So I
change gears and just watch the coastlines of anything in the Southern
hemisphere, and I start to see it…. I follow a simple plane out of Brazil, on its
way to South Africa, (which by the way is not part of the long haul argument).
It’s offshore just a few hundred miles. I get something to drink, and when I come
back, it’s gone! Hmmm.
Just a glitch right? So I follow another, and another and the same thing happens
again and again. Once the plane reaches an imaginary line in the water, GPS
makes it disappear. Then a friend who is also working on this problem sends me
some links, which I’ve included in the resources[14].
I encourage you to look at them.
At first they don’t seem like much, just an average flight log showing speed,
altitude, location, things you could expect. Then you scroll down to about 3:30
in the morning, and the location drops away, and is replaced by either the word
“approximate” or “estimated”. This then continues for the next five hours, until
miraculously, one hour before landing the flight log reestablishes itself, and the
GPS system shows the plane in real time about to reach its destination!
So to be clear to those who may not be seeing everything here. The flights are
being dropped off GPS, and their flight data is turned off, and stays off, until
they are almost on top of their arrival point. And you say, well, that’s how GPS
works. Well no, because the Northern hemisphere has planes flying all over their
oceans!
And then you say that maybe it’s a localized Southern hemisphere thing. And I
say, then why are all the flights over or near land perfectly tracked?
Furthermore, this is a US based system, with Americans flying on vacation every
single day. You’re telling me that those people aren’t going to be tracked?
In addition, the vanishing plane act is happening to not only the South Pacific
and Indian Oceans, (which I would expect), but also the South Atlantic, which
isn’t part of the flat earth argument. There are a bunch of flights that cross this
relatively small ocean between South America and Africa, and every one of the
planes is hidden shortly after takeoff.
So then you say, what would be the purpose of hiding those shorter routes in the
Atlantic? It’s because of something I didn’t see right away. If you hide one
flight, you have to hide them all. Showing the GPS routes in the Atlantic but
leaving out the Pacific and Indian oceans would raise different questions, so the
logic here, (despite being very sneaky), is sound.
The third rule is that the flat earth has no shortcuts. If you look at the Azimuthal
Equidistant map again, and look close, you notice that while the South Pacific,
South Atlantic, and Indian oceans make up the lower section on a globe, they
make up the outer ring on a flat model.
In that model, there is no shortcut between Australia and South America. If you
are creating flight routes, you have only two choices. You take the long way
around, clockwise or counterclockwise, and stay on the ocean, or you cut across
the land in the middle. But if you cut across land, you have to create
connections, because on a globe it wouldn’t make sense to fly over the top of the
United States to get to South America.
Neither of these choices is ideal, so the authority came up with a compromise.
Disable GPS and lose the planes for every ocean flight in the Southern
hemisphere, then reactivate them once the destination is reached. This is just one
of the lengths that they are willing to use to keep you from seeing it. Don’t just
hide some things; hide everything, so that maybe, the topic isn’t addressed.
And some would come back and say, well nice going, you’ve just pointed out a
flaw in their system, and sooner or later, they will fix the gap. Hmm, maybe. But
not soon I think. Remember this is a rule, not a guideline. They can’t change the
map, so they have to work within its limitations. If they have a better
workaround I can’t wait to see it.
So do your own research and ask questions, Oh, by the way, welcome to the flat
earth, and enjoy your flight.
As you can tell from the title, I’m taking a different approach. Eventually, I was
going to have the address the question of What happens next? Or what do we do
now with the information at hand?
If you’ve made it through the guide, and the first nine clues, then at this point
you’re either buying into the flat model, or on the fence. If this is the first clue
you went to because of the title, I recommend you go back, because we’re not
going to do much in the way of reviewing.
But if you’re still with me, then you would agree that:
1. The world you’ve been taught has been kept from you, and
2. One way or another, you would like to prove this out.
So how is this possible? The authority in question who created what you call
“the globe” is guarding all the gates. They protect the sky, the outer edge, and
most importantly, the education system that shows us at an early age what they
WANT us to see.
Nobody reading this has their own spaceship, or advanced rocket program.
Nobody actually owns a long distance ice breaker. And while some of you may
have a private plane, I wouldn’t recommend testing a military barrier that
technically, doesn’t exist.
But then again, you have to remember that this is not the story of David and
Goliath. The hidden world was never going to be sustainable forever. As a
civilization evolves, the tools the authority uses as a method of control become
more vulnerable. I’ve learned many things about systems over the years, and one
thing that I find most interesting is that as layers of strength increase, the higher
the chance that they can be used to your advantage.
But maybe I’m talking in riddles. I should be boiling it down to what can be
done, by showing you what’s being hidden, what’s important, and how it can be
spread to others without looking like a crazy person.
To be clear, and I can’t stress this enough, DO NOT start conversations with
the word FLAT EARTH. Think of it like Fight Club. The first rule of Flat Club
is that you DO NOT talk about Flat Club. Before you started waking up and
reading all these things you were like me, you laughed and mocked everything
that was flat earth. You may have learned faster than others, but the knee jerk
reaction by 99% of the people was created the day they sat down in a classroom
and stared at the globe.
Look at the videos. Not just mine, but others who are putting forward some great
arguments, and ask the questions that people can relate to. I’m going to
introduce three very important questions that you can use. Each with a statement
that precedes it, and each statement is a motivation for a different group of
people. If you don’t fall into one of these three groups, then I guarantee you
know people that do.
The first statement is this: YOU ARE BEING HIDDEN.
What do I mean by that? Well this goes back to Clue 7 and Clue 9, which talk
about the flights in the Southern hemisphere. If you are flying on a plane over
the Southern hemisphere, you’re flight is NOT being tracked.
How can this be used to find out the truth? It’s simple, it’s quick, and it costs no
money. No matter what country you live in, send a quick note to your local,
state, or federal representative, and ask them this question: Why are citizens of
our country flying over oceans without the SAFETY NET of the GPS system?
And remind them that GPS stands for GLOBAL, not partial. Without GPS
anything could happen to your plane, and no one knows where you are!
And while you’re at it, remind them that the GPS system was built by the United
States department of defense, who NEVER does anything small. The system that
is in effect now has what appears to be HUGE deliberate gaps in the Southern
hemisphere only. Do not mention FLAT EARTH! Just voice your concern
about the SAFETY of you, your loved ones, and your fellow citizens.
Will they get back to you? Possibly. Will they give you a satisfactory answer?
Not a chance, because they will only have what the military gives them. What
this will do however is create a unique buzz in certain circles that may prove to
be useful later. The more politicians or high ranking officials you contact, the
greater the noise. The motivation here, (as you can tell), is general public
concern.
The second statement is this: WEALTH IS BEING HIDDEN.
What do I mean by that, goes back to Clue 2 and every other mention regarding
Antarctica. In 1954 it was announced on national television that the continent
was just millions of miles of rich energy resources, and by 1959 it was sealed off
like Area 51.
How can this be used to find out the truth? By contacting anyone you know in
either the petroleum, natural gas, or mineral industry. This means Exxon Mobil,
British Petroleum, Royal Dutch Shell, Chevron, Conoco Phillips, BHP Billiton,
Rio Tinto, Glencore, Anglo American, and there are many others.
Find anyone in these companies and make inquires about their prospects in
Antarctica. Send them the link to the Admiral Byrd interview, and ask them why if there
are no environmental conflicts regarding oil, gas, or mining, why aren’t they
allowed to even petition the idea, even when the world’s energy resources are
dwindling more every day.
Put the sound of money in their ear. They may not be able to break through the
decades of red tape laid out in front of them, but it will create a buzz from a
different side: the motivation of greed, and of pristine resources just begging to
be harvested.
And finally, to preface the third statement, I need to thank all the people who
have sent me stacks and stacks of biblical scripture, asking me to stop dancing
around the title of the flat model, and call the structure what it really is.
And you know, they have a point. I have put myself at a distance, because I
wanted to reach people who were outside of religious faith, and even outside of
general conspiracies. But for all those spiritual groups that have contacted me, I
can now however, say with conviction that:
The third statement is this: THEY ARE HIDING GOD
Despite what labels I put on the flat model structure, the oldest names are from
the oldest texts, one of those being called the firmament. If the firmament was
indeed discovered in 1956, and it was deliberately hidden, then the ruling
authority not only hid the structure, but evidence of the builders, and by
“builders” I mean “creators”, and by that I mean what people define as GOD.
Hiding GOD could be considered one of the worst ideas of all time, and if you
are a person of great or small faith, you have a vested interest in any evidence
that would solidify and vindicate your years of dedicated service. If a structure
was found that had, for all intents and purposes the handprint of GOD on it, then
the ruling authority has no right to keep it from you!
There are billions of people on this world who have personally dealt with the
concept of GOD, and would like to know for sure, if these beliefs are well
placed, or, in short - you want to know the meaning of life? It’s out there, and
it’s been hidden from you. Your motivation is clear. Go to your church leaders,
your congregation, and tell them science probably found evidence of GOD in
1956, and decided to keep it a secret.
If you know people of religious power, send this up the ladder, get the word out,
and see what comes back.
Between these three statements and questions people will talk to people, who
will talk with others, and eventually, reach someone WHO KNOWS.
This isn’t a grassroots or groundswell movement that takes a long time. Because
the system that has been used to mold and control you these past years has been
based on SPEED, and by that I mean REAL TIME. All it takes is a single
video, a memorandum, one whistleblower, one key person, and everything
changes, not in months or weeks or days, but HOURS.
And in those hours, everything changes, because of the speed. People all over
the world wake up, and look at the sky with new eyes, and things start to get
better.
One person - that’s all it takes! One person to come forward, and share what has
been hidden for so long. Maybe someone who is tired of all the games, maybe
someone who has gone year after year burdened by such a heavy secret. Maybe
you, who are reading right now, who was looking for a reason to come forward.
This is it.
And if you don’t want to walk into the light and be the hero, I understand. But if
you can’t, for whatever reason, then be anonymous, share the message, and help
us make this world better, because it CAN be better.
For everyone else, give this person an opening, give them the opportunity, and
give them the support they need to help reclaim what’s left of our civilization,
because we need it now more than ever.
I will keep spreading the word for as long as I can, in hopes that everyone that
hears it starts seeing things with new eyes, and I encourage each of you to do the
same, and maybe one day, we will learn to treat others better than we treat
ourselves.
This clue looks into the recent past, or more specifically, an odd but interesting
piece of conspiracy lore. What I hope to show here is an example of how an
enclosed system, once revealed can change the world very quickly, and in ways
you may not have realized.
To start, we need to go back a little ways, to a controversial 2004 documentary
called “Astronauts Gone Wild[15]”. For those of you who missed this strange
little gem, the summary is this: The producer/director Bart Winfield Sibrel, went
out to prove that all the moon landings were elaborate hoaxes. To do this, he set
up interviews with the Apollo astronauts, giving them the impression that the
interview was just routine.
He then produced a bible, and asked each of the astronauts to swear on the book
before the interview started. The interview was then supposed to be a series of
detailed technical questions designed to trip up the astronauts. During the
process, there was quite a bit of tension and some very uncomfortable moments,
including one actual fist fight!
Now I’m not recommending that anyone actually go out and watch this hour
long documentary. For me, the astronauts have had to live with this guilt a long
time, and leaving them alone seems like the humane thing to do.
What interested me, and moreover, what peaked my interest then, wasn’t the
unoriginal questions the reporter posed, but how the astronauts reacted to the
bible itself. None of the Apollo pilots would put their hand on it and swear that
they went to the moon! In fact, most treated the book like it was made of
plutonium. This puzzled me for years, because it went against the basic rules of
any cover up, one of which is, lie about everything.
Now, the pilots of the Apollo program had done many interviews over the years,
many televised, and had been going through their song and dance without really
any instances of contention. So why not just go through the motions again. It is
after all, just a book, right?
People lie under oath all the time - its called perjury. And every country has an
extensive system of laws and punishments to deal with it. These punishments
don’t seem to stop the people from committing perjury, and you can read about
it almost every day. Furthermore, the astronauts were not IN court. This was just
a room, (sometimes their own home), so swearing on the book would for all
intents and purposes, be meaningless.
And this sat in the back of my head for years, because it didn’t make sense. Why
would astronauts, trained by a very large science program, be afraid of just
putting their hand on the book and just tell one more lie? Well for them, it may
have been more than just a book - it may have been a symbol of something much
bigger…
You see, for you, me, and almost everyone else, a holy book is a symbol of
faith, because the creator or creators have yet to be revealed. But if you KNEW
that the creators were real, then the book becomes something much more
tangible, more relevant, and more sobering.
Or more to the point, the Apollo astronauts would have been let in on the
enclosed system during their tenure with NASA and over the decades, this
system created certain truths for these men, one of which is, someone could be
watching. Now, whether the builders/creators are actually watching every little
thing we do can be debated, but if you have proof that they are real, then the
thought of your every move being scrutinized is a very real possibility.
This is what you and I may suspect, but don’t feel. The Apollo pilots however,
are a different story. If they were shown how the world really looked, then their
attitude towards the book takes on a whole new meaning. In fact, it didn’t have
to even be a bible. It could have been an encyclopedia, or a piece of wood,
because it was the IDEA that made them pause.
And if you’re still not getting it, then I’ll ask you directly. If you actually saw
some of the creators handiwork, and knew that there was a chance you were
being watched, and there was a scorecard involved, would you swear against
that and lie about something? Would you roll those dice and take the chance? Or
to put it another way, everyone has gotten frustrated about something, then
looked up and cursed the sky. Would you still do that if you knew that a creator
was up there and possibly listening?
That’s how knowledge of the enclosed system changes people. The astronauts
didn’t want to roll the dice and lie, because there was a real fear of retribution;
and while they were confident that a bolt of lightning wasn’t going to strike them
down, they also weren’t going to push their luck.
And we all take on the same approach in daily life. Everyone who drives has run
a stop light. We know when we see the yellow light that it’s too far away, so we
hit the gas and hope for the best , (especially if the traffic is light and we aren’t
putting anyone in danger).
But you take that very same intersection, and put a red light camera on it, well,
then things change don’t they? Do you hit the gas and roll the dice? Not a
chance. You hit the brakes and hope that you can stop in time, because you are
being watched. You may not be a model driver by any sense of the word, but
you understand this rule and this place, and you don’t break it.
And this one aspect is why I’m pushing so hard to see the enclosed system
revealed, because as a civilization, we seem to be only as good as what we can
get away with. This isn’t an issue with freedom; it’s an issue with doing the right
thing. You know that running red lights is a bad idea. The camera is a reminder
of that. Imagine all the things that would change for the better if the enclosed
system was revealed. Would you lie to hurt someone? Would you rob a bank,
commit fraud, or embezzle? Would you steal anything, unless your life
depended on it?
And while people would still get angry and fight, would they maim each other?
Would they kill? Would anyone knowingly commit murder? Would you bully or
extort people for profit? In fact, knowing that your world was created, would
you do ANYTHING malicious towards anyone?
If the world is not a globe, but instead enclosed then wars end, hate crimes end,
(maybe not overnight), but quickly, because you may be, for the first time in
your life, actually accountable for your actions. You realize now that you are a
very real soul in this enclosed system, and you have a responsibility towards
your fellow man, one that can be boiled down into one simple rule: Treat others
better than you treat yourself.
This, THIS is why it’s so important to show the world as it really is. This is why
I am asking the AUTHORITY itself to OPEN THE DOOR, and let this secret
come through. You’ve kept this HIDDEN for too long, and the people who live
here with you have been through enough.
This isn’t about money or power anymore - it’s about our very souls, the essence
of who we really are. Wealth and titles don’t define your heart. Hiding the entire
world may have seemed like a good idea at the time, but we have gone way
beyond that. Have you actually seen our home recently? This needs to be fixed,
and it needs to be now. The people won’t forget the deception, but they will
forgive you for it, because a truth like this will make them nobler, something we
should have been since the beginning.
So do your own research, and always, ALWAYS ask questions, because that’s
the only way you will find all forms of the truth.
This clue covers an enclosed system feature which for me at first seemed like
just a necessary aspect of the process - that being what we perceive with our own
eyes, because for many, that’s the validation we need. Can seeing things with
our eyes really be trusted though? The more I looked into it, the more it became
apparent that they cannot.
In fact, it became obvious that as a species, we seem to have layers of cognitive
weakness, especially when it comes to optical perception, like it was built into
our very genetic code. Layers that naturally help things like hiding the shape of
the world. I’m going to show you some examples, and before this clue ends,
you’ll know why everyone else around you is missing the big picture, and just
how rare you are to realize it.
For example, what is this object? It’s your world.
Image of the Day Earth from Space: from earthobservatory.nasa.gov
This is where you live. You know it as certain as anything else that’s given, like
gravity, temperature, and touch. But you can’t touch or see your world, like this,
so if I take this image away, how do you still know?
Anyone who has followed the clues so far know that I for the most part just use
some slides and a narrative, but some of the best optical examples use moving
illusions, so for better or worse, I’ll be including small sections of video into this
clue to help drive home the point. [It would be a good idea to watch this video
clue online][16].
So let’s start with a dramatic entrance, something you can relate to. This is for
all the questions regarding the sky, and how things can be accomplished. To this,
I have to remind people using a Truman show example, where the director,
living in the moon structure, queues the sun. Keep in mind this is a very small
enclosed system. If the sun, moon, and stars can be reproduced here, imagine
what you could do with a dome 1000 times larger using technology far beyond
ours.
But maybe I’m getting ahead of myself. Like the mice in clue 4, we should start
with something small, because the small stuff is easy to figure out, right? Take
this spinning ballerina, for example. If I say that she’s spinning on her left foot
before you look, then she spins on her left foot. If you look away and I now say
she’s spinning on her right, then when you look again she’s now on her right, but
try to change her direction while staring directly at her, and it becomes much
more difficult.
Did I change her graphic? Is it magic or
witchcraft? Not at all. How the girl is
animated gives your mind the choice of
how she is spinning, you just need a
starting point. So you say, well, that’s
an animation, just a clever trick. So I
show you this still picture of a match
and its shadow against the wall. Notice
anything missing?
Like the shadow of the flame itself? Your mind wants it to be there, but it isn’t.
Everything casts a shadow, right? Your eyes want the image to include the
flames shadow, even though logic tells you the pure light source can’t have one.
And then there’s the famous dress, which is in real life is blue and black, but
how it’s photographed gives the human mind an option of seeing it in gold and
white. You know what color it is, because you can see it, but if someone else
sees a completely different color, then who’s correct? If everyone in the room
sees black and you see gold, are you wrong because you’re in the minority? And
what does that say about possible illusions that can be tailored to a small group
of people, or just you?
You say that they aren’t that much different, that at least the location is correct
right? Take a look at the size of Europe, and where Germany is.
We assume, like many things that what is presented to us is the truth, because we
want to believe, and I mean that literally. Human beings as a species are
designed to believe what they see. It’s called suspension of disbelief.
Think you’re immune to this disbelief process? Why do you get emotional when
watching a movie? You know it’s a movie, you know that you’re watching just a
two dimensional image on a screen. You’ve seen the actors before many times in
other films, and you know that the process to make the film took hundreds of
people and millions of dollars to create. But if the story is convincing enough,
you will forget all that, at least for a while, and be swept up in the moment.
But enough tricks, what about real life? Without all the slight of hand and
distraction, you should be able to determine everything as it really is, right?
Don’t be so sure. Ever driven a car in stop and go traffic, zoned out for a bit,
then had that horrifying feeling that you couldn’t tell if your car was moving, or
the car next to you was moving? That happens to all humans.
University studies on motion perception have been done for years and they
determined if the movement was smooth enough, human beings couldn’t tell the
difference between our motion, and the motion of other objects. This applies to
cars, trains, basically any vehicle you may be in, maybe even one as large as the
world itself.
To be clear, you can’t really tell if your car or train is moving. No one can. It’s
an assumption. So now tell me that you can feel your world spinning at 1000
miles an hour, and rushing around the sun at 60 times that speed.
Your world isn’t spinning, or moving forward - only the sky is - and even that
isn’t real. The stars spin, the moon circles, as does the sun. All of it built with
great craft and precision, to create the illusion that you are isolated in a vast
universe, to fend for yourself, which is not the case.
Or, in short, we were designed to believe, to accept the illusions as reality, so
that an enclosed system could be built around us, and we could live in it without
the burden of confinement.
And for those of you who still haven’t used their real eyes yet, here’s one more
trick. See if you can solve it.
Real eyes. Realize. Real lies.
At the time of this writing, the Flat Earth Clues video series is exactly one year
old. I had woken up at 3:30 in the morning on February 10, 2015 with the
narrative in my head. It's hard to believe how much has happened since then. A
movement has grown, science is bracing on all fronts, and more than anything
else, people have started doing their own research, and are still asking questions.
Every day I found myself looking at this Flat Earth with a new perspective. One
of the more interesting questions I get is: Now that my eyes have been opened,
how do I approach others?
Before you tell them anything, remember how long it took you to understand
where you now live. They will also need that kind of time. The shortened
introduction I now tell people goes something like this:
Before you were born, before your parents, your grandparents, before you even
had a family line - there was the illusion, the trick, the lie - that you lived on a
small spinning rock, flying through space.
You thought it was true, because children don't believe in lies.
And you grew up, and it was still true, because science is never wrong.
Except for small things like: Lead Gasoline, Lead Paint, DDT, Cigarettes not
causing cancer, and what the core of the earth looks like.
You know that fire burns, water is wet, drop something and it falls to the floor.
We can all test these things. What shape is the world? That's not something you
know, it's something you're TOLD. To put it simply, you just have to take their
word for it.
And there's the real crux of the problem; the weight of their word, it's really
about trust. Most of us trust science to some degree. To be fair, it has produced
some modern conveniences, like air conditioning, light bulbs, and smart phones.
But it also made things like atomic weapons, nerve gas, and napalm. Make no
mistake - the greatest advances in science have been in different ways to kill
each other.
What if, after centuries of preaching the globe as a religious icon, "the powers
that be" found out that it was actually not a sphere, but instead something much
different? Would they risk unraveling 500 years of science doctrine by
informing the public? Could a government still retain its authority if there were
actually proof of a higher power?
It's about proving the Flat Earth, but more importantly, it's about disproving the
globe, and that shouldn't be possible, but there are several big questions which
science has a difficult time with.
Why was there only one blue marble image used for 43 years? Where are the
videos of the earth rotating from space? Astronauts can't turn around in space
with the camera running? Not even by accident? Are the Van Allen radiation
belts dangerous? Why does the Orion Trial by Fire video exist? Why was the
space shuttle program cancelled? Why does the Mars mission keep getting
postponed? Why are they closing down the ISS (International Space Station)?
Why is Psalm 19:1 on Werner Von Braun's headstone? Why is the moon
generating a light that is sometimes 12 degrees colder than the moon shade?
How is that possible if it's reflecting the suns rays? And if the moon is
generating its own light source, then what was that dark grey thing we landed
on?
We can beam back crystal clear photos of Pluto, but the Global Positioning
System doesn't track planes in the Southern oceans?
And why does this topic, compared to ANY other, (conspiracy or not), make
people excited, angry, or scared? Some of you are getting anxious just listening!
Why? Because it's the greatest trick of all, and we all fell for it. You should be
excited, because it's going to change the world. You should be angry, because
you were fooled your entire life, and you should be a little scared, because this is
uncharted territory.
This is the Flat Earth theory - that the world is easy to understand, more
intimate, and very deliberate. It didn't just happen. It was built, and more
importantly built for you. Open your eyes and smile. You have never been alone.
So, at this point, you may have some questions, right? Over the past 12 months,
having done literally dozens of interviews on various radio stations and with
media outlets internationally, there have been some questions that have
frequently popped up. To help you and the skeptics to navigate through the flat
earth world, here are the answers to some of the most commonly posed
questions.
No one currently knows what is underneath the enclosed world model, but
then again we don't currently know what is below the globe model either.
Remember that the deepest hole ever drilled by our civilization is only 8
miles/12 kilometers, and yet, mainstream science shows up detailed
diagrams going all the way down to the center of the earth at 4000 miles. I
believe that below 8 miles is the real machinery that runs this wonderful
system we live in. Everything from the underwater conveyor system, to
magma machines are housed there. Maybe even survivors of previous
civilizations.
They never
go below the horizon; they just get larger and smaller as they move closer
and further away. The sun and the moon are radically different in the
enclosed world model. The sun isn't 93 million miles away, nor is the moon
237 thousand miles away. They are both roughly the same size, and rotate
over the disc surface like pieces of a mobile hanging over a child’s crib. The
sun is also a directional light source, similar to a spotlight, and the moon is
its own light source, like a night light. So even though we have been taught
that the sun falls over the curvature of the earth, in reality, they are just
moving away from us, like a giant searchlight attached to a helicopter. The
moon is also very interesting with its light source. Multiple tests have been
done in 2015 that show the moonlight generating a refrigerated radiation,
which actually cools objects. At the time of this writing, moonlight has been
shown to chill items almost 13 degrees F, compared to items in moon shade,
which is the opposite of what we see in sunlight. Look these tests up on
YouTube and see for yourself!
Tall objects can be seen at
great distances right now, especially over water, but there are limits to what
the human eye can see through atmospheric conditions. Currently zoom lens
technology has shown only recently that ships going over the water horizon
aren't really gone at all, but just beyond the vanishing point of the eye. Once
the boat disappears past the 8 inches per mile squared[19], it shouldn't
come back with a better telescopic lens, but it does! There are many videos
on Youtube regarding this.
All eclipses in the enclosed world model are artificial, like
they would be in a planetarium, which is really what you are in, a giant
planetarium combined with a terrarium. There is no Earth between the sun
and the moon, so everything you see displayed in the sky, that being the sun,
moon, stars and planets, are part of a fantastic display system. The only
difference between this and what we build for educational purposes is that
the sun and moon appear to be separate three dimensional objects with
their own properties, which makes sense given how much time we spend
looking at them. Remember that the moon is the most photographed object
of all time.
The sun and the moon do not set in the enclosed world
model, they just move further away from you, continuing their very long
circle above the disc. A good representation of this would be the Ying/Yang
symbol used in Asian cultures. Some in the movement believe that this
symbol and how is shows light and darkness above a circle is no accident,
but ancient knowledge.
Who told you there were satellites to begin with, the
same people who showed you pictures of the United States landing on the
moon? I've personally combed the sky with night vision binoculars for
years, and can tell you with confidence that the lights moving up there are
NOT us. I'll go so far to say that the whole satellite concept is part of a
cover to keep us from finding out that we aren't the first ones to rent this
apartment, so to speak, and that remnants of older civilizations are using
advanced technology and operate at altitudes far above commercial air
traffic. For the satellite services, we have recent expert testimonials that
state that all current satellite transmissions are using a modified version of
the older LORAN system, and that anything pointed at the sky is just
bouncing off the structure itself, then rerouted by the powers that be. For
more details please see "TESTIMONY SHOWS" on my Youtube channel.
If we are in a giant planetarium that creates the illusion of
space, what makes you think there is ACTUAL space outside of this
place? Outside of this structure there could be anything, a bigger room,
more enclosed worlds, an unlimited dimension, or maybe just plain old
water. Everything INSIDE the structure is to simulate space, the
imagination, and the biggest reason of all: That we can't get off, and that
there is no fence, and possible EXIT.
Mainstream science says it's because of mass, density, and laws of
physics. This is really no different in the enclosed world model. Mass and
density would still apply, but there is also room for artificial systems to be
used like molecular magnetism (magnets that can pull anything) which we
have been using in simulations for years. These would be needed to affect
things like the tides, because in this model, the moon isn't large enough to
affect the oceans.
Several
signals do not propagate well through atmospheric layers, but others travel
much further than what we thought possible. A perfect example would be
the US Navy 2 inch beam radar, which has been testified to paint targets at
60+ miles. Using the mainstream curve formula (see question 3 above)
these ships should be thousands of feet BELOW the curvature, or "over the
curved hill" as it were. These signals aren't bouncing off any layers, but are
line of sight targeting. To hear testimonials from military personnel, please
visit my YouTube channel.
Testing confirms that most scientific
lasers disperse up to 2 feet every mile, which means that at 240 thousand
miles, the beam would have spread to almost half a million feet. At that rate,
there is no power left to have any reliable accuracy, let alone enough
energy to bounce back to earth. Not to mention the moon reflector is
claimed by NASA, the gatekeepers of the enclosed structure you live in.
Search Flat Earth laser tests on YouTube and you will be surprised at what
you find!
They don't, they just reach the vanishing point of your natural vision. There
is some great footage online of boats that can't be seen with the naked eye,
but become visible once the zoom is activated. Then they disappear past the
limits of the zoom, and yet another camera can reacquire the ship. This isn't
possible with what we are told about the curve.
This question seems like the easiest, but will take some research on
your part to confirm. From 1972, until July of 2015, there was exactly ONE
picture of the full sunlit earth. This picture was supposedly taken during the
return trip of Apollo 17, and no other picture was taken for 43 years, by any
space program, ever. We know this because we the SECOND one was
taken, the US white house tweeted about it:
Currently, the best version of the Flat Earth Map is the Azimuthal
Equidistant map, which is seen on the UN Flat. While this map appears to
show the correct orientation of the continents, there are scale issues which
are still being adjusting. It is true that Southern hemisphere flights become
more direct using a flat map, some flights become problematic due to scale.
There are some aspects to the continent layout that are still a mystery, but
the community is working diligently to resolve it.
The seasons are caused by a
combination of systems, not just the sun. In the enclosed model, the sun
tracks over the top like a needle on a record player. As the song continues,
the needle moves in towards the center. In this way the sun just marks the
season. Yes, the sun gives off heat, but being that it is so much smaller,
cannot generate everything that is needed for a full season change. There
are two other structure systems which come into play. One is the jet stream,
which in this model is just a very large air conditioning system, and the
underwater conveyor, which circulates huge amounts of water around the
disc. With these three, seasons are accommodated.
A massive molecular magnet
controls the tides, one that can move water. In this model the moon
isn't large enough to control the tides. It also would be inefficient to use a
direct magnetic force from such a small object over an area covering
millions of square miles. Everything has to be controlled from below.
 Because the creators or architects of this place wanted to do
exactly that, create the illusion of a globe. The stars are no different. We've
been using programming technology to do this very sort of thing for the last
15 years. It's called using "instances" or the realization of objects. Or to put
it simply, the visual creation of objects based on region. With it you can
display multiple sets of stars, depending on where you are. You and your
friend on the other side of the world think you're looking at the same thing,
but in actuality, you are both seeing your own customized star, or moon, or
planet. Ask any gamer, they'll confirm this.
The enclosed structure is pressurized, which is why many in the FE
movement prefer the dome model over a "convertible". Without a dome,
force field, barrier, the vacuum of space would pull off the very air we need
to breathe.
The edge of the world is the Antarctic coastline, which is much larger than
we have been told for the last 100 years. It is also 200 feet high at the
shoreline, and continues sharply in elevation up to 2 miles, then plateaus,
more than high enough to hold any ocean in.
If you did have a way to travel exactly straight
in any direction, you would reach the Antarctic coastline. The problem now
is that your instruments have to rely on the GPS system, which was created
20 years ago by the US Department of Defense. That system will not let you
fly exactly straight for that long. If you could bypass it and reach the
Antarctic coastline, you would have other things to worry about, like the
military, and no land markers as you continued on...
For
the same reason the scientists who discovered it in 1956 weren't allowed to
acknowledge it. If science is proven wrong on concept that they have been
preaching for 500 years, then the entire academic community gets turned
upside down, and more importantly, faith in science takes a huge nosedive.
99% of scientists today may know there is a problem with current world
models and physics, but by the time you reach that education level, it's
almost impossible to believe anything but the old theories. We're hoping to
change that. Currently we've received testimonials from all branches of the
US military and professionals related to this theory. The scientists are next.
The burden of proof isn't on the Flat Earth community. It's on
mainstream science, who, after a five century head start, should have
MOUNTAINS of evidence on their side. One of the strengths in the FE
movement is that they can quickly create doubt in astrophysics, astronomy,
and of course NASA. It's like a court case. Look at all the things proposed
by FE that create reasonable doubt in science. Now tell me who has the
stronger case, and why FE has been able to do this in only one year.
Science is in real trouble, and they know it.
Remember, for almost 500 years the only "proof" that science had for the
globe was math. Until you could get something high enough to take the
picture, how could you be sure? Can we believe science, the same group
that tells us what the earth core (and EVERY other planet) is made out of,
even though they've drilled less than 1 percent down? No PHD in any
physical science can switch sides on this, unless they are fully prepared to
commit academic suicide. It's not impossible. Some of the testimonials
we've received so far are well educated.
The South Pole 24 hour sun is a mystery. It may
be a technical feature that we haven’t seen yet. Of course, it would help if
all restrictions to Antarctica were lifted, so objective experiments could be
done.
Ah yes, the concave argument, a distant
cousin of the FE model. I actually don't hate the concave model, never have.
They do however have one VERY big problem with their model, which is
that if the ground slopes up, eventually we would see landscapes bending
back on themselves, not to mention problems at night, seeing vertical cities
in the dark, which we never do.
The Flat
Earth theory doesn't conflict with the hollow earth theory. The models work
quite well together. The hollow earth is just a cavernous region below ours
that another civilization could live in. The entrances would still work
around the FE model.
NASA is surprisingly quiet
during the last year in regards to Flat Earth, but they have revealed some
amazing things recently. The first was the blue marble shot in June of 2015,
followed by the Himiwari geostationary satellite which came on line the
same month, followed by the moon transiting in front of another satellite,
eventually leading to yet another lunar satellite releasing a composite image
while flying over the moon surface. Combine that with a new space story
almost every day, and I'd say they are reacting strongly to us, without saying
anything.
I'll let the numbers do the talking. In February of 2015, when
I made the clues, you could type in "Flat Earth" into YouTube and get
maybe 50,000 relevant hits. If you did the same search today, it comes in
at 4,300,000. The reason is because this topic is so polarizing. No one is
on the fence. You either love it or hate it. From what I've seen, if you dig
into the research for even a few hours, you're hooked, and then it's like a
marble inside a paint can. You can't get rid of it!
In fact, the only weakness we have right now is the
map scale and the Antarctic 24 hour sun. These two things aren't nearly
enough to overcome all the difficult questions that science can't answer.
That's the next question I'm going to be focusing on.
The illuminati Flat Earth card was made decades ago, but is very telling. It
feels to me that this whole concept is a setup for something even larger, if
that's possible. If the FE is the left jab, then the right hook must be
incredible!
Honestly just saturation. Just getting the word out there. Any media format that you wish, I don't care what it is. Get the word out there, tell people. This doesn't mean overtly go up to people and say 'the Earth is Flat!' Come at them sideways. Size up who you are talking to. What I say in a lot of my things is the first rule of flat club is not to talk about flat club. Which means size up who you are talking to. It is important that you know what your audience is. There's a huge amount of the population that doesn't know, and yeah you can look it up in the media now and find it, but there's a lot of people that don't know its a serious serious topic.
Yeah, I do. I did a little kinda parody thing. I took a part of Monty Python's Life of Brian where Brian was accused of being the Christ and was chased around the city and at one point he had dropped a shoe and kept running because he didn't want to be caught. And they came to the shoe and they thought it held religious significance, and they were trying to decipher it. And everyone jumping on it saying, 'oh well it means he wants us to collect shoes!' , "oh he wants us to put shoes on a pedestal!"

And of course they all misread it, but at the same time the enthusiasm was so amazing that you could see, and I think Monty Python did it deliberately, all these religions forming over what was seemingly a benign act. And that's really what we are running into now, although its not a benign act - but everyone is trying to come up with a meaning for it. There's so much enthusiasm and you gotta see that as something that's real and something that's legitimate because the enthusiasm is what drives people. This is not a boring topic by any stretch. If anything, the infighting shows you how passionate it is, and how, what I consider, real it is.

So absolutely. I think its beneficial.
Probably, my favorite proof is not what most people would expect. If you want to find the garden reality stuff its "go find the curve" and you can't find it anywhere - and that's what everybody is pointing to. Go to the beech, look at a mountain, look at a weather balloon - the only people showing it round are NASA. But that's not what I go with. I go with the testimony shows right now.

Remember, the burden of proof isn't on the flat earth side. Of course there is no absolute concrete proof of the Earth being Flat, because if there is we wouldn't even be talking about this right now. The world would be turned upside down and there would be a lot of chaos out there. So, what I'm looking at are those testimony shows that I'm doing over the last 6-8 months, where there are all these people coming forward who are from all branches of the armed forces, pilots, and engineers, and subject matter area experts, and just about everything - about 17 so far, and they've all said the same thing they have all gone in line with their stories which is that there's something wrong. One, the earth doesn't appear to have a curve to it, its not spinning, and the map's are wrong.

They are all going along with it, and nobody retracted it. None of these people retracted it. None came back and said "you know what, I want my testimony retracted. I don't believe the flat earth anymore. You combine that, nobody has even come out against them, so you think especially with the military guys - army navy airforce marines and other military people outside the US, you'd think there would be people coming out against them from these groups and they're not.

Not only that, but to date there is not a single person - not a single person - you want my favorite proof here it is. I know its circumstantial but I don't care. My favorite proof is that nobody that has gone down the flat earth path and has said the Earth is Flat, nobody has retracted it and gone against it. One guy tried, literally one guy named Lintoo, was a flat earther with 25-35,000 subscribers on youtube, a bunch of pro-flat earth videos, and for whatever reason he flipped and he went against it and he said, you know - 'flat earth is a bunch of crap, all these people are frauds, I'm going to make a ten part serious against flat earth.'

He only got five done, then he disappeared. And by that I mean you may see a comment or two, but he's never made a video ever again. This guy did video - he didn't do this audio and narrative stuff. He was actually on camera, like I'm talking to you now. His name was tigerdan. I can't remember what the name was but just look up tigerdan and you'll be able to find him.

So that's my big proof. They are all circumstantial, but I don't care. It's not about the proof of flat earth - its about creating reasonable doubt in the globe. Which I think we've done many times over.
Yeah, I do think it's a dome. I don't necessarily follow the religious side just to say its a dome, but it doesn't hurt that all religions - the big five religions - talk about that its an enclosed system. Which is why I didn't call my main website Flat Earth Clues, or FlatEarth.com - I called it enclosedworld.com.

Yeah, Genesis 1:6 - the firmament that separates the waters above from the waters below. That's what I go after first. Wernher Von Braun, when he died his headstone - which was very modest considering he was the father of NASA and the rocket scientist, unless you count Jack Parsons, had the year of his birth, the year of his death, and then Psalms 19:1 and I had to look that up. You look it up and it says 'and the firmament shows his handy work.' Why would the father of NASA be talking about an enclosed system with a dome over it. I think that's very very interesting.

Of course you'd want an enclosed system, because you are going to want to use the dome to fake the stars and planets and everything that's up there - no different from a planetarium. You want to know what the model looks like? Go to your average planetarium in any major city. Look outside, go inside, and look at what you are looking at inside - they are very very similar. That's the argument that I put forward to people. I go, okay. You're in a planetarium and you see Mars and Jupiter, and all that stuff, then you walk outside the planetarium - How do you not know you are just not inside a bigger planetarium?

How do you know?

All the globalists come to the same - "Well NASA told us." Really? The American Space program? the ones that said they went to the moon and then no one else went to the moon after that? Those guys? The Americans would never lie about anything.
Nobody else other than Byrd has been implicated in this at all. And yeah, he was the guy. That's why I focused on him early on in the clues. He went down there in 1928; he flew over the North pole supposedly in 1926. From 1928 up until his death in 1957 he spent most of his life in antarctica looking for something. Looking for something for almost thirty years...

What was he looking for? Why so much attention? Flying - not just going with sled dogs, tractors and stuff, he was flying in the air for 30 years. In 1954 it looked like he had given up; well he hadn't found it 25+ years later, and he did that wonderful television interview where he said Antarctica was just a wealth of resources - let's carve this thing up. And then of course Murphy's Law, as soon as you give up on something there it is, the next year Operation Deep Freeze (1955-1956) he goes down there again and finds something.

What happened spooked everyone; not just him but every country that was down there - United Kingdom, Russia, Chili, Argentina, New Zealand, Austrailia, the US. Everybody got off the ice and they sealed it off; created the Antarctic Treaty - the longest standing treaty of all time which says no corporation can go down there ever.

And its still not up to review until the year 2045.
Gravity is just a word. "A rose by any other name smells just as sweet". So when I drop this.


That's gravity. Why? It's just a name. It could be called hoopajoop. Gravity is just a force that either pulls or pushes this thing down to the floor. Science will say its a natural process; its a part of density [editor: of mass]. The earth is dense, and that's how it happens. But on a flat earth model, well it could also be density. I think its electromagnetic. I think its a molecular magnet that pulls things down. Think of a magnet that can pull metal. What if you had a magnet that was based on a molecular level; so it could pull organics - plastics, or wood, or anything. You just crank the dial to whatever it is. What's the difference between a molecular magnet and gravity?

Nothing, absolutely nothing.

In fact we create artificial molecular magnets in game simulations and computer simulations all the time, because you have to build in the physics - you have to build in gravity. There is no real gravity in simulations, so you are just writing the program; this is what gravity is. Objects will be pulled to the ground at this speed. That's what gravity is.

If it can be simulated in software, who says it can't be simulated here.
I actually don't hate the infinite plane. I don't.

But I don't believe in the word infinite. I don't believe anything goes forever, because everything has a beginning and end in one form or another. I don't want to get into it too much. So when you say infinite what are you saying? 10,000 miles? 100,000 miles? A million miles?

We don't know. I try to do one world at a time. So what's outside of this structure? How far does it go outside of this structure? I don't know. Are there other pockets like us outside?

Yeah, very possible. We could be in a much bigger area with different worlds outside of this - different flat worlds that are connected together. And there are civilizations that can go between them. I believe in that. Do I think it goes on forever though? Mmm. I just don't like the word infinite. I think it could be part of a larger structure - sure. If it is, I would not lose any sleep over it.

Honestly none of them. I don't think there's any flat earth model that I've really hated. There is one that has antarctica at the center, but nobody really follows that one. Its got a really really small following, so I don't really pay much attention to that.

It's still pretty fuzzy right now. That's what makes the flat earth thing really great right now. Like the Monty Python thing, everybody is moving forward in this big wide line with all these different ideas; what we all have in common is that we know its not a globe. What the details are, we are still working out. What the sun and the moon, and what the dome is shaped like, and what is happening in antarctica - everybody has got their own ideas about this; but it's kinda in flux, its kinda fuzzy. So until we get to the point where we absolutely know everybody is still kinda open for it and kinda jocking in it for position.

I don't think most of the models out there are ridiculous at all.
What I'm doing now. Honestly, if you had of asked me last year right now what I'm doing I wouldn't have believed you. I've done a book, a couple apps, a couple of websites, enclosedworld.com and marksargent.com. I've done 80 something interviews, I've got my own radio show on Truth Frequency Radio.

A lot of stuff. I'm just going to keep doing what I'm doing. I hope I can do bigger and better things. Maybe some tv stuff. Just hoping I can get the word out there. Just doing what I'm doing is what I'm focussing on right now.
